1	How do I install a new, non load bearing wall in my basement?	I'm looking to finish my basement and simply want to wall off the concrete blocks that make up the wall. I want to insulate it as well so that it becomes a usable family room when I'm done. How do I go about installing a wall given wooden beams in the ceiling and a concrete floor?
2	What kind of caulk should I use around my bathtub?	I would like to recaulk between the bathtub and the ceramic-tile wall, but there are many kinds of caulking for sale.  What kind should I use?
3	Is fiberglass mesh tape a good choice for drywall?	I'm going to be doing some drywalling shortly and was wondering what experiences other have had with the self adhesive fiberglass mesh tape.   Is it a good choice or am I going to regret using it?
4	Are there ways to determine if a wall is load bearing?	Other than looking up blue prints, which many homeowners may not have, are there ways to determine if a wall is load bearing?  Methods I can think of might include:   Going up in the attic to check if ceiling trusses run perpendicular to the wall If the wall is an exterior wall   Any others?
5	How do I safely replace a worn out electrical outlet?	I have a number of outlets that are old and worn out (plugs fall out of them mainly.) Obviously I need to turn off the breaker to replace them safely but any guidance on how to rewire them, how to properly ground the new one, and how to safely test them once the power is back on is appreciated.
6	How do I repair hairline cracks in stucco?	The exterior walls on my house which is made of stucco, are starting to get hairline cracks in them.   Can anyone suggest a simple, cheap solution for it that doesn't require painting the whole house exterior?
7	Where can I find a bathroom fan that will fit in a 5" cylindrical space?	The fan in the master-bathroom of my house recently stopped working.  The old fan is in a 5" cylindrical housing in the ceiling and the housing is not going to come out without major work on the ceiling.  Unfortunately all of my local hardware stores only seem to be stocking bathroom/vent fans that fit into 6-7" square housings.  Does anyone know of a place where I can find a smaller size fan?  I'm open to other suggestions as well but I'd prefer to not tear the whole bathroom ceiling apart.
9	Where can I find a bathroom fan that will fit in a 5" cylindrical space?	I've found that it works OK, but it's more difficult to get the surface smooth than paper tape -- as the mud dries, it shrinks, so the mesh starts to show through.  Obviously this is not a problem if you're going to be doing some heavy texturing afterwards.
10	How do I repair a small leak in a steam radiator? Could this be a big problem?	One of my steam radiators has a small leak under the bottom.  No hole is visible, but water drips out at a rate of a few drops per minute.  Various websites suggest applying a 1 mm thick layer of J-B Weld after sanding and cleaning with acetone.  Does the fact that the radiator leaks necessarily mean that it is completely rusted from the inside and that leaks will soon appear elsewhere?  Or is it likely that a slow leak is not due to rust, or that the rust is in only one place?  The radiator is decades old (perhaps even a century), but has been moved recently in order to repair the floor.  The leak is clearly away from the valve.
11	How do I remove wallpaper from drywall?	I know there are a lot of different ways to remove wallpaper, ranging from elbow grease to chemicals and steam machines.  What way(s) work(s) best?
12	How do I remove wallpaper from drywall?	I have used it for patching areas, but not for an entire drywall installation.  It made patching in a tight space much easier. You just needed several coats of mud on top to compensate for the shrinking.
13	How do I remove wallpaper from drywall?	I just caulked my shower last night. I used GE Silicone II caulk from Home Depot. I read up on this a little before picking out what kind I needed. From what I can tell, silicone caulk is good for bathrooms because:   It's permanently waterproof It doesn't crack or shrink   Another factor which may play into your choice of caulk could be whether or not it's paintable, but the most important factor for a bathroom is going to be waterproof/mold proof. 
14	How do I remove wallpaper from drywall?	It's just an ornamental wall it sounds like, so do it as cheap as you can :)  Since you've got a beam in the ceiling, I'd just build a minimal frame out of 2x4s, nail it into the ceiling beams where you can, stick fiberglass insulation in the spaces between studs and then drywall over that.
15	How do I remove wallpaper from drywall?	I just bought a permanent silicone product by GE which is guaranteed to dry in 1 hour and is mold resistant.   GE 9.8 oz. White KB Supreme Silicone II Caulk
16	What do I need to do to add stools to my vinyl windows?	I own a "cookie cutter" house built in 2006, and all of the windows are the thin vinyl kind with no trim at all, but I like the look of having a window stool. Is there a standard practice for adding stools to this type of window? Do I need to remove the drywall on the bottom and attach the stool to the frame, or can I just place it on top of the drywall?
17	How can I hanging something on an exterior wall with vinyl siding?	My house has vinyl siding.  If I want to hang something on an exterior wall, can I just attach it with screws drilled through the siding?  Or do I need to do anything to prevent water from seeping in around the screws?
18	How can I fill a void in a concrete seawall?	My concrete seawall (on a freshwater lake) has a void in a bottom corner.  It seems to have been created with the void -- it's not a result of trapped water freezing and pushing out a chunk.  I'd like to fill the void to avoid future possible erosion.  Multiple questions:   Should I fill it while it's warm and underwater (summer/fall), or dry but cold (winter)? What should I fill it with? 
19	How to drain a baseboard radiator system for a repair? How to refill the system?	I have a leak in the second zone in my baseboard radiator system.  When installing some drywall in the room the previous owners nicked the copper pipe with a drywall screw, and it appears to have rusted through the pipe.  I know I need to replace that section of pipe, but I can't solder the new piece in until the pipe is empty of water.  How can I get all the water out of the system, and when refilling, how do I fill the system back up and get any air out?
20	Should old knob and tube wiring be replaced?	I have been doing some electrical work in my house and I noticed it has old knob and tube wiring that is still hot, should this be replaced as found or is it fine to just leave it?  It seems really old and brittle, so I'm a little concerned.
21	How do I find studs when stud finders won't work?	I was trying to hang my TV at my new place, on an interior wall (between living room and a bathroom). Using the stud finder on other walls worked fine, but on this wall I got some very strange readings. An area of about 5 feet by 4 feet was setting off the AC warning, and studs seemed to be upto a foot wide and at irregular spacings.  I ended up drilling "exploratory holes" looking for the stud, because it didn't make sense that there would be tens of power cables in the walls, equally spread between the studs (in the air space between, and the ones attached to the studs shouldn't be within a 1/2" of the drywall. The studs turned out to be simply 2x4s with 16" centers.  Is there a trick I could have used rather than just drilling into the wall in exasperation?
22	How do I find studs when stud finders won't work?	Be sure that the leak is actually in the radiator itself, and not where the valves meet the radiator body: water is very good at travelling a good distance horizontally thanks to surface tension. I check this with a bit of paper towel.    If the radiator is newly installed it may well be that the hole will sort itself out by filling with mineral deposits; if it's a hot water based system there's also proprietary sealing gunk you can add to the water that'll seal small holes.  If it's not new... then yes, I fear it's rusted. 
23	What do I have to do to prepare my garage floor for paint?	I'd like to paint my garage floor, possibly with textured paint.  What do I have to do in order to get my garage floor, which is currently dirty and somewhat oily, ready for something like an epoxy-based, textured paint?
24	What do I have to do to prepare my garage floor for paint?	You should probably seal it with some kind of silicone based caulk. If water seeps in behind the vinyl you'd be inviting mold and other damage. Whenever I've attached things or drilled through my siding I've always used DAP clear silicone caulk to seal around the hole.
25	What is the difference between a framing hammer and a claw hammer?	What is the difference between a framing hammer and a claw hammer? Can they be used interchangeably?
26	How do I remove dried paint from ceramic tiles and the bathtub?	The previous owner didn't bother to lay down a dropcloth when painting the bathroom, and there are multiple, small paint stains on the ceramic tile and bathtub.  What is the best way to remove them?    The only thing I can think of is to scrape it off with a razor blade, but I am afraid that it will leave scratches that are uglier than the paint stains.  Edit: Note that the stains are several years old.
27	How do I remove dried paint from ceramic tiles and the bathtub?	Do you have any high powered magnets? like the rare earth neodynium magnets? If so you can probably rub one around the wall until it attaches to one of the nails in the studs. Or you can try thumping on the wall, a stud will sound alot less hollow versus empty drywall. That's how I've searched around in the past.
28	How do I remove the white residue on fresh tile grout?	The day after grouting my tile, a white residue formed on top of the (grey) grout.  Moistening the grout makes the residue go away until it dries again.  I've been told the problem is because I had too much water in my grout mixture when I applied the grout, but how can I get rid of this residue?
29	How do I remove the white residue on fresh tile grout?	If you plan on doing much electrical work around the house, get a multi-meter. It's just a little box with black and red probes on the end. Safe enough to stick in an outlet to see if it's live or not.  Outlets are mostly idiot proof. Turn off the breaker, pull it out of the box, see where the old wires are attached and move them one by one to the new outlet. Probably the old outlet already has a ground wire, in which case you're done. If it doesn't, it's probably time to call a pro.  Once you have it hooked up and the power is back on, you can use the multimeter to test. There is a hot side and a neutral side to the outlet. Ground behaves the same as neutral as far as the multimeter is concerned. You should be able to stick one prob in the hot side and the other into ground or neutral and get around 110 on the multimeter (+/- 2-3 volts).
30	Why does my toilet's seal wear out so fast?	The toilet in our only bathroom seems to go through drain seal about once a year.  The flange on the drain line is old, and broken in several places, but we're able to keep everything firmly in-place none-the-less.  We've tried both regular wax seals, and ones with reinforcing, both of which seem to fail much faster than designed.  Are there any good tips/tricks to getting the seal to last longer (more like the 10 years others get)?
31	What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing?	I live in New England and my asphalt driveway is showing a lot of cracks.  There's also a little divot in one flat spot that collects water.  What are my options for getting the driveway back to looking good, and stopping any further damage?
32	What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing?	One way I would try is an "educated guess exploratory hole method." Try locating a stud with a stud finder on the same wall, but away from the problem area. Then, if you have a little bit of faith that your builder followed the standard 16" stud spacing, measure over and drill at 16" intervals.
33	What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing?	I've used mineral spirits to remove everything from paint to roofing tar. Takes a bit of rubbing to do it but it usually pulls it off. I'd recommend trying it on an inconspicuous area first to make sure it doesn't do any damage, mineral spirits is powerful stuff.
34	What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing?	It depends :)  It really depends on how old the wallpaper is, if there are multiple wallpapers glued over each other and how much glue was used.  If the wallpaper is not too old, and was put on in a proper way, usually, a steamer works very well. It has the advantage that it loosens the glue without making the wallpaper to fragile to pull it off.   I usually try to stay away from chemicals, because they always have some danger for health associated.
35	Is there a trick to applying caulk using a caulk-gun?	Perhaps it is just me, but no matter how careful I try to be, any attempt to apply caulk or cement or anything with a caulking gun into a crack results in total mess.  The main problems that seem to be causing this are:   1: The caulk doesn't "stick down" so as I pull the gun over the crack it drags the tendril of caulk along with it.  2: As demonstrated on every home improvement show, I run my finger along the caulk line to press it down into the crack, but it inevitably squishes out on the tile or sticks to my finger and makes a big mess.  Is there some trick that I just don't know that makes a good clean caulk line?
36	How can I paint over a ceiling after there's been a leak?	We had a leak in our upstairs bathroom, about 2 weeks after we had a new ceiling put up and painted in the room below. It wasn't a major leak, but it caused quite a wide line to show up on the ceiling.  I've painted over the line 3 times now, but it just keeps reappearing, is there anything I can do to stop the water mark from showing up?
37	How can I paint over a ceiling after there's been a leak?	The siding needs to remain free to expand and contract.  So cutting at least a slot , then hanging something through that would work, but would be unsightly, and would leak water through the hole.  So I think that finding some kind of gasket or trim piece (such as is found where your vents protrude through siding) and trimming with J-channel all around it would look better and would be less prone to leaks.
38	How can I paint over a ceiling after there's been a leak?	You shouldn't have to do anything too special, but here are a few tips from my experience:   Use a treated board for the bottom of the wall where it touches the concrete.  This will help to prevent rotting from any moisture that may seep up from the concreate. Build the whole wall on the ground just a bit shorter than the lowest joist/beam so you can easily raise it into place without it getting stuck. At the bottom secure it with cement nails/ramset/tapcon screws to the cement floor.   At the top, if the wall is perpendicular to the joists, you can shim between the bottom of the beams and the top of the wall and nail through those to attach it to the joists/beams.   If the wall runs parallel to the beams/joists you can either put scraps between the beams and nail to those or you can attach a scrap of 2x4 flatwise to the wall and up against a stud, attach it to the cement wall, then nail through the stud and into the side of the scrap.  Do that for every other stud or so. 
39	What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage?	I just added on to my pole-barn garage, it now has 1500 square feet. There is a single flourecent (and door opener) lighting it currently. I would like to add some serious lighting as I work on my cars, and do woodworking in there, unlike the previous owner.   The ceiling height goes from 12-16', is this too short for high bay lighting?  Is there something more economical than high-bay?
40	What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage?	Use two of the wax seals stacked on top of one another. It takes more squishing to set the toilet down, but the seal is a lot more resilient to shifting.  My plumber gave me this tip, and it seems to have worked the two times I used it.
41	What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage?	I purchased a garage floor epoxy kit It contained very detailed instructions on how to prep the floor. It also had muriatic acid in it to etch the floor before painting on the epoxy.    One tip I would give is to have someone help you put it on.  You only have a limited time to work with the epoxy once the two parts are mixed. If you have one person cutting in and one person rolling on the main part, it is much easier to get it done in the setup time of the epoxy.
42	What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft?	Probably, due to faulty insulation/damp barrier, there is a cold draft coming through one of the upstairs baseboard. What is a good method to seal it? (It is a rented house, so, no I do not want to fix the source of the problem)
43	What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft?	Something like this (not this) should show you quickly if your current plugs are wired correctly, and should also test the ground. If you've got a good ground, then replacing the socket should be just a matter of:   Turning off the breaker Unscrew and disconnect the socket Re-strip the ends of the wires if needed Attach the new socket to the same three wires Screw the new socket in Turn on the breaker Test the socket with your fancy tester   If you don't have good ground, then you might not have a ground wire running into the box, which makes this alot harder, and you might want to call a real electrician at that point.
44	What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft?	The methods you describe are probably the best, but if you can actually see the wall, a load bearing wall will generally have a double top plate but a non-load bearing wall usually won't.
45	What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft?	A variation to the "educated guess exploratory hole method" is to use a small finish nail (longer than the drywall thinkness) and "explore" by nailing that in near the floor boads.  If it moves free after hitting it in, you are not in the stud, move 1.5" to the left or right and try again.  After you find the stuf, use a level or plumb bob to trace up the wall.  The holes will be so small and near the floor so you can easily patch or paint over then.    I have also removed the baseboard in the past and put the nails in there, that way the holes would be covered when you put the baseboard back on.  Scott mentioned magnets, I have also used a stud finding magnet, that you run all over the wall and it will find the screws / nails that the drywallers used.  These nails / screws will be over a stud.
46	What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft?	A straight razor blade shouldn't cause any trouble on your ceramic tile (assuming it has a smooth finish) or an enameled tub, but a fiberglass tub you're right to worry about.  Depending on the number of stains you're trying to remove you may find that heating the surface a bit by filling the tub with hot water then draining again will weaken their hold on the tub enough that you may be able to remove them with gentle scraping with a putty knife (being careful not to dig into the tub's surface).
47	What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft?	First of all, buy a good drip free caulking gun. Make sure you cut the tip of the caulk on an angle.  If you want a perfectly straight line on each side, put painters tape on each side of the area you want to caulk.  Then just pull it up before the caulk dries.  If you do not want to use your finger to smooth it, the little squeegie like tools that you can get at hardware stores work well.  Another option is to use the plastic credit card samples you get in the mail when they want you to apply for a new credit card.
48	How can I repair a Palruf roof?	I've installed a couple of transparent Palruf PVC sheets for a treehouse roof. I've gotten some small (several inch) holes in it that I'd like to patch up. I have some small pieces of Palruf left over that I was contemplating using to patch up the existing roof.  Any thoughts on adhesives or techniques for this, or better approaches? This is a treehouse, but I'd like to keep the rain from pouring in.
49	How can I repair a Palruf roof?	I read on several DIY websites that recommended taping blue painter's tape the width of the bead you want to lay down. I tried it last night on my shower, and it worked fairly well. Here's what I did:   Clean and dry area to be caulked Put tape on both sides of joint Caulk (my initial pass looked pretty messy) Use your finger or a caulk smoothing tool to get rid of excess IMMEDIATELY remove painter's tape by pulling away from the joint at a 45 degree angle   At this point, I noticed that there was a slight ridge from where the tape pulled out from behind the bead. If it's really bad, then re-smooth the joint.  PS: I just used a cheap $5 caulk gun I picked up at Home Depot
50	How can I repair a Palruf roof?	Stains will usually come right through a new coat of paint.    Did you prime it first?  In my experience I've found that a good oil (or even better, shellac) based primer works best for keeping stains from bleeding through the paint.
51	How can I repair a Palruf roof?	Leave it to dry thoroughly. This might take several weeks, I'm afraid.  Once dry, try an exterior-grade primer before two or three more coats of paint. 
52	How can I repair a Palruf roof?	For many houses, a wall running down the middle of the house, parallel with the roof ridgeline is nearly always load bearing. You also may have easier access to the basement to check joist direction.
53	What are the tools that every Do-it-Yourselfer must own?	What are the tools that every DIY'er should have? This is a community wiki as there is no one right answer.  Instructions:     One item per answer (so they can be voted on - answers with multiple items will be voted down) Clear formatting like this: [ITEM NAME] [Reason why item is essential/useful/good] [Photo / other info] 
54	What are the tools that every Do-it-Yourselfer must own?	A cordless drill No doubt about it. I bought a DeWalt 14.4V three years ago, and it's been invaluable to me. 
55	What are the tools that every Do-it-Yourselfer must own?	I personally find a Mark One Digital Manipulator does the job! Seriously: use your fingernail.  Alternatively, choose an appropriately hard scraper of some kind. A razor blade should be fine on good-quality gloss-finish ceramic tile, but I'd use a hard plastic knife of some kind on a plastic tub.
56	Does liquid aerification work?	I have terrible soil in my yard, because the builder scraped off most of the topsoil and sold it.  I need to aerate the yard and get some more nutrients in it.  Has anyone tried any  of the liquid aerification products?  I tried Aerify Plus, but it hasn't been long enough to judge if it is helping.
57	Does liquid aerification work?	Yes definitely. In some spots, knob and tube is a deal breaker for a house sale and must be replaced before the house is sold. It's fairly dangerous to have around, even more so if it's brittle. I'd hire an electrician if you're not comfortable replacing it all yourself.
58	Does liquid aerification work?	I'd probably try for a mix of natural light, fluorescent, and point lights.  The natural light will be the most economical, but obviously fails at night.  The fluorescent lighting should give you enough light for most working conditions.  And the point lights should help for when you need to do detail work or get under the hood of your cars. You can find point lights on articulated arms, that way you can just grab and move the light to wherever you need it. Mounting an arm or two on each pole would probably be enough.
59	Does liquid aerification work?	There may be issues with your insurance company.  I recently bought a house and asked two insurance companies about the knob-and-tube wiring.   Liberty Mutual said that they would insure the house, but would require that the knob-and-tube wiring be removed within 30 days by an electrician. Met Life said that they would not be able to insure the house until the knob-and-tube wiring had been removed. 
60	Does liquid aerification work?	The advice my family once got from an electrician on this question was that if you have low amperage service and NEVER touch it, you're probably okay.  If you have regular electrical service or touch the circuits at all, remove ALL of it. His basic theory was that if you keep the wires cool, and they haven't caused you trouble yet, it's unlikely to cause a problem. Granted that advice was about 15 years ago and none of that wiring is improving with age.  Once you touch the lines at all, rip it all out.  It's very likely that you will introduce a problem between the coating and the wire. The house we were dealing with went another 10 years before we needed to rewire one of the old circuits.  Once that happened we rewired the entire house all at once.  If you're concerned at all, turn off the affected circuits, and get rid of it. Better safe than sorry on this one.
61	Which water heater types do you recommend?	I would like to upgrade my current water heater with one that   Is able to produce/store more heated water so I won't run out Energy efficient Inexpensive   What are the advantages/disadvantages to each different kind? What would you recommend and why?
62	Which water heater types do you recommend?	A circular saw of course.    And don't skimp - you'll use it enough that it's worthwhile to spend the money and get a decent (and light) one.
63	Which water heater types do you recommend?	Generally, it is a good idea to replace it, especially if you can easily access it. One thing you don't want to do, is replace part of a circuit. Then the next guy might see the new romex and make some assumptions about the rest of the wiring. The other time you really really should replace it is if it runs through insulation, especially blown-in cellulose. That is a serious fire hazard. Knob and tube was designed to use open space as an insulator.
64	Which water heater types do you recommend?	Spray foam maybe? They sell it at local stores here, I believe it's called "Great Stuff". You spray it in cracks and it expands to fill the gap.
65	How can I pour a concrete pad with a circular hole in it?	Essentially, I'd like to put down a concrete pad for a patio, but leave a couple of circular areas within that patio unpaved (for planting shrubs).  I'm familiar with the techniques for using dimensional lumber for angular concrete pads, and even using plywood for curved ones, but is there a clever trick or something for creating say a 3' diameter unpaved area within a concrete pad aside from trying to bend plywood planks into a circle?
66	How do I sound-proof a bathroom?	I think most people would agree that sound proofing a bathroom is a swell idea. Since bathrooms are special rooms (high humidity), what are some tips and techniques you can use to sound proof one without running into water/mold problems down the line?  I am asking in the context of a bathroom in the process of being remodeled. This allows major "design" changes but probably not significant structural changes.
67	Should I use a subfloor for a finished basement's floor?	We are refinishing our basement and have not yet decided what to do for the floors.  Part of the basement will be tile, and we are all set.  However, the rec room side is going to be carpet.  The basement is dry, and we have never had any water or moisture issues.  Some research has said to simply lay carpet like normal, with a thinker pad on the concrete.  While OK, I am worried a little about the coldness, a vapor barrier, and the comfort level (too hard on concrete).  One carpet guys said they make special pads that are vapor or moisture proof and will not have mold issues and are made for concrete floors.    Other people has said to lay .5"-1" foam board down, and then install plywood on top of that.  That would help to insulate, make it feel like a normal floor, and provide a good moisture barrier)  But this would cost more in labor and materials, and cut into the height of the room (it is 7'8").  And although we have not had water issues, heaven forbid if we did, this would be a major pain to rip it out.  What has everyone else done?  Any recommendations?
68	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	Is there a sure-fire way to get rust stains off of an enamel sink? 
69	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	Good levels of different sizes
70	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	A power miter saw (compound if possible).   It will cut anything you'd cut with a circular saw (other than large sheets), and you'll also be able to cut any trim pieces you'll ever need. Adding and replacing trim is a relatively easy thing to do and can quickly add value and better the appearance of a house. Few things come as close the a bang-for-the-buck arena.  
71	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	A steamer is by far the best option: I've had great success even with multiple layers of woodchip. (Ugh!)  It can definitely help to rough the surface of the paper before steaming, especially if it's been painted.   If it's a real mess then it is actually feasible to plaster over paper, but I'd personally not recommend that approach unless you know a good plasterer or can do it yourself easily. 
72	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	A good-quality stud finder    See also: What should I look for when choosing a stud finder?
73	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	Hammers and screwdrivers.  You aren't going to get much done without them...  A good jigsaw can be very helpful for many tasks as well.
74	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	A ratchet with a gator-grip head. That is, unless unlike myself, you really like digging through a toolbox full of sockets for every job and can't identify the sizes on sight.  BTW: I have no interest in the company that makes Gator-grip, I just didn't know the generic name for this type of tool (if there is one).  
75	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	I have a tankless heater, and I love it for the efficiency (energy and space wise) and of course the endless hot water.  But there are some drawbacks:   There is a minimum flow rate required for it to "fire up".  That flow rate is high enough that you won't get hot water out of a faucet unless it's turned all the way over to "hot" and on full blast.  In general, getting hot/warm water out of faucets is just a pain in the butt.  This may be solved with newer models, but something to look out for. There is a limited flow rate.  So, if you're taking a nice hot shower and the washing machine kicks on, you could be in for a blast of cold water and a sudden drop in water pressure.  Make sure the unit is sized appropriately for the number of hot-water using items you plan to use at any given time. 
76	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	It sounds to me like the area you are caulking is not clean. Especially for tile, you need to make sure to really clean the area you will be caulking, as dust and soap scum will make it tough for the caulk to stick. Also, make sure you are using the correct kind of caulk for the job.
77	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	A laser level (a cheap one will do just fine).  
78	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	A good, stiff measuring tape
79	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	I'd look for something else cheap that is about the correct size, cover it with plastic sheeting and use it to keep the concrete out. Ideally it would be something flexible (or breakable :-)) so you can get it out when you are done.
80	How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink?	Complete socket wrench set for 1/4", 3/8", and 1/2" drives and box/closed end wrenches.  Should include shallow and deep sockets.  Places like Sears will carry an affordable portable fitted toolbox with all the sockets and wrenches.  
81	What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet?	We had new carpet installed with a thicker pad.  Now the pocket doors stick on the carpet.  What is the best way to get at them to adjust them?  The best options I have come up with is to remove the trim (which I do not want to do) or cut a hole in the drywall and repair it (which I may do).
82	What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet?	To prevent the messiness when smoothing it out with your finger, have a moist sponge handy.  Smooth out a couple feet of calk, then wipe your finger on the sponge to get the excess caulk off and keep your finger moist.
83	What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet?	My wife and I just renovated a house that had 5 layers of wallpaper in the living room (including the "Hay" wallpaper from circa 1985) and we bought two steamers and went to town. It was the best solution we found. You don't have to spend a lot, just get the inexpensive plastic steamer unless you plan on doing it for a living.  She did re-use the steamers several more times for her painting business and they still work well.  Matt
84	What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet?	Set of standard and metric allen keys.  
85	What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet?	Speed square  
86	What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet?	It is hard to say without seeing them in person, but a lot of times there is some way to detach them from the track they are on. I would look carefully at the track to see if there is a removable section.
88	How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced	I have a nice free-standing claw-foot tub.  It was re-finished poorly by a previous homeowner and now we're getting white flakes in the water.  There are also rust spots in a couple of places.    There seem to be several techniques for refinishing tubs but I'd like to do it right.  What should I be looking for as I shop for contractors to do the job?  What questions do I need to be asking?
89	How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced	A dremel with various bits: cut-off wheel, stone, sandpaper, polisher, etc.  
90	How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced	Needle-nose pliers     These are the most often used tool in my toolbox, not that they ever make it back into the toolbox.
91	How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced	Note that, at least currently, tankless water heaters don't always pay for themselves in some parts of the country. Here in New England, the cold water temperature is too cold to make them worth it, though this should change soon. It also depends on if you have a gas or electric model (for both tank and tankless, gas is cheaper). Given the speed that tankless heaters have been improving, I am planning on waiting another 5 years or so, especially since I just replaced my old tank 6 months ago.
92	I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow?	I added insulation to my attic rafters and plugged the space between the outdoors and my attic with insulation.  It lowered my heating bill by $150/month, but I've seen some information that I may have made a mistake by cutting off the airflow in my attic.    Did I make a mistake, and if so, how can I properly insulate my attic?  There's already insulation in the floor.
93	I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow?	Try careful knocking while listening with a stetoscope.  Knocks on the studs will sound less hollow.
94	I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow?	I have had good luck with the Kilz brand of primer, but I'm sure any quality stain hiding primer would work well.
95	What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter?	What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter (AFCI) and where should they be used?
96	What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter?	If the gap isn't too big, regular caulk will seal the gap between it and the wall.  If you're using it at the top of the baseboard and can get it in the same color as the baseboard, you might not even have to paint it.
97	What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter?	In my experience, framing hammers are generally larger and heavier, have a straighter "claw" and are more suited to the demands of framing. They provide less accuracy but more force, which is nice. And the straighter claw is good for prying boards apart. If you only have one hammer, you want a claw, but if you are doing a lot of framing, a framing hammer is a nice addition.
98	What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter?	One very important thing that others have not mentioned - If the outlet is in a kitchen in an older home, it will often have separate circuits for the top and bottom plug.    So, if that's the case, make sure BOTH circuits are off, and when you put the new outlet in, make sure you break off the little tab that connects the top and bottom wire connectors on both sides of the outlet (note that you ONLY do this if there are two circuits on the outlet.  Leave the tab on if there's only one)
99	How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking?	really hope someone here can come up with an idea to get me out of this one:  I recently laid a new floor in my dining room, it's solid oak and it actually looks quite good considering I put it down!  Only problem is, it's quite creaky when you walk on it.   I asked a few friends (one contractor builder, the rest just amateur DIY'ers like me) about the best way to lay it, and they all said to install it as a "floating" floor. So I went out and bought a load of fixing clips, and as I went along, I put one clip about every 3 foot from each other between each strip of flooring.  Now I'm not so sure if that was needed, as I was laying it onto existing floorboards.   I'm pretty sure it's the fixing clips which are causing the floor to creak, but I don't think I'm going to be able to lift it all up (without damaging it all), as the clips are holding it all together pretty tight. Any ideas on how I can stop the creaking?
100	How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking?	Framing hammers typically have heavier heads and longer handles, and the face is usually not flat (I think the claw is less curved as well).
