1	How do I install a new, non load bearing wall in my basement?	I'm looking to finish my basement and simply want to wall off the concrete blocks that make up the wall. I want to insulate it as well so that it becomes a usable family room when I'm done. How do I go about installing a wall given wooden beams in the ceiling and a concrete floor?
2	What kind of caulk should I use around my bathtub?	I would like to recaulk between the bathtub and the ceramic-tile wall, but there are many kinds of caulking for sale.  What kind should I use?
3	Is fiberglass mesh tape a good choice for drywall?	I'm going to be doing some drywalling shortly and was wondering what experiences other have had with the self adhesive fiberglass mesh tape.   Is it a good choice or am I going to regret using it?
4	Are there ways to determine if a wall is load bearing?	Other than looking up blue prints, which many homeowners may not have, are there ways to determine if a wall is load bearing?  Methods I can think of might include:   Going up in the attic to check if ceiling trusses run perpendicular to the wall If the wall is an exterior wall   Any others?
5	How do I safely replace a worn out electrical outlet?	I have a number of outlets that are old and worn out (plugs fall out of them mainly.) Obviously I need to turn off the breaker to replace them safely but any guidance on how to rewire them, how to properly ground the new one, and how to safely test them once the power is back on is appreciated.
6	How do I repair hairline cracks in stucco?	The exterior walls on my house which is made of stucco, are starting to get hairline cracks in them.   Can anyone suggest a simple, cheap solution for it that doesn't require painting the whole house exterior?
7	Where can I find a bathroom fan that will fit in a 5" cylindrical space?	The fan in the master-bathroom of my house recently stopped working.  The old fan is in a 5" cylindrical housing in the ceiling and the housing is not going to come out without major work on the ceiling.  Unfortunately all of my local hardware stores only seem to be stocking bathroom/vent fans that fit into 6-7" square housings.  Does anyone know of a place where I can find a smaller size fan?  I'm open to other suggestions as well but I'd prefer to not tear the whole bathroom ceiling apart.
9	Where can I find a bathroom fan that will fit in a 5" cylindrical space?	I've found that it works OK, but it's more difficult to get the surface smooth than paper tape -- as the mud dries, it shrinks, so the mesh starts to show through.  Obviously this is not a problem if you're going to be doing some heavy texturing afterwards.
10	How do I repair a small leak in a steam radiator? Could this be a big problem?	One of my steam radiators has a small leak under the bottom.  No hole is visible, but water drips out at a rate of a few drops per minute.  Various websites suggest applying a 1 mm thick layer of J-B Weld after sanding and cleaning with acetone.  Does the fact that the radiator leaks necessarily mean that it is completely rusted from the inside and that leaks will soon appear elsewhere?  Or is it likely that a slow leak is not due to rust, or that the rust is in only one place?  The radiator is decades old (perhaps even a century), but has been moved recently in order to repair the floor.  The leak is clearly away from the valve.
