Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Technically when using joist hangers, a specific kind of hardened galvanized nails are supposed to be used. This is because regular deck screws probably don't have the necessary shear strength. For a deck though, I've used screws before without any problem. Although if you were planning to put a lot of weight on the deck (say, a hot tub) I would be a bit more concerned about that. Aside from that, I can't think of any other places where screws would be a problem.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Screws would tend to be slightly thicker than nails (because of the threads) so you would probably want to watch out for splitting of the wood and might want to require drilling pilot holes if you switch to screws. For the most part though, screws would work better than nails in the long term (would not pop up over time) but would be harder to use (pilot holes, snapping, etc.) during the installation for your backyard deck. BUT if you have some sort of project that is supplying the nails/hardware then I would be cautious about swapping out one sort of hardware for another. The pre-supplied product could have been specially chosen for the job and so you would not want to go and swap it out because you think it is better to have screws. One such example would be some wooden playsets where all of the hardware is supplied... make sure you use what they give you (and what the engineers said will work).
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Without a picture of your fireplace, I couldn't tell for sure, but I would look in to fire brick. It is a near perfect insulator since it is a light brick with lots of air bubbles (air insulates). Check here: http://www.google.com/products?q=fire+brick&um=1&ie=UTF-8&ei=8n1YTJmlCd6Knwf7hZS2BA&sa=X&oi=product_result_group&ct=title&resnum=1&ved=0CDIQrQQwAA ..or at a local fireplace store.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Aside from the kitchen, I would say the bathroom is one of the most likely places for things to catch fire. You have: Water and electricity (never a great combination). Curling irons and hair dryers (often cheaply made & get very hot) Lots of flammable things (paint, wallpaper, drywall, cabinets, towels, etc.) Things that go boom (hair spray, air fresheners, other aerosols)
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Is it sufficient to rest joists on joist hangers or should you always toenail (drive screws/nails at an angle through the joist). And does the toenail have to drive into the ledger or just hold the joist on the joist hanger?
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Screws are a "superior" fastener over a nail (they have far superior tensile strength) - especially if you're talking about screwing down decking. However there are many scenarios where a nail is the proper fastener for the application (attaching joists is one example - screws are brittle and will fail when subjected to the forces of a shear loaded application) Using your deck example - you should use nails to attach the joists to the deck framing but use screws to fasten down the decking itself. Also keep in mind that screws take a longer time to install - think of a nail gun versus a drill...
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? I would always use at least one toenail to prevent the joist from shifting around on you (either while you are working or later due to warping) It's better to run the toenail into the ledger, but just attaching it to the joist hanger is fine too. Face nailing through the ledger into the joist works fine as well.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Always toenail . . . just resting it on the joist hanger means it could slip out. Some joist hangers have a place for you to nail though the hanger, into the joist, and then finally into the ledger.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? I lived in a condo built in the early 50's with a super cool looking chrome bathroom exhaust fan. The original motor finally died after 54 years of service... so I went looking for a replacement fan/light unit. Unfortunately I was unsuccessful as well since the original fan housing is not the "standard" (read: newer) bathroom exhaust fan size. Anyway, I was able to find a replacement motor for the exhaust fan assembly and it worked beautifully. If the motor has any nameplate data on it - odds are you can probably find an equivalent replacement. I bought mine from this place Replacement Bath Vent Fan Motors - just remember it doesn't necessarily have to say "bath vent fan motor" in order to work, so long as the motor nameplate data (volts, amps, HP) are similar. Good luck!
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? SDS London sells them.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Online is generally the best way to procure parts, but sometimes going to the supply house is necessary to be sure you're getting the proper part(s), or you're under a time constraint. Plus they have all kinds of neat stuff inside those places - I always end up picking up extra items when I'm at Grainger, et al. I used to work for a large industrial controls manufacturer, I could walk into just about any industrial supply house, use the account set up for that business and just pay cash. That worked for years, even after I left that place of employment. Unfortunately I moved to a distant city, so that plan is now kaput. On the flip side you can use your own business, (or create your own "business" - business licenses aren't very expensive) and sign up for commercial accounts wherever you need. The counter people at those supply houses don't care if you work for One Dude Software Corporation or General Electric - only if your business info is in their database!
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Sure you can - just depends on how you want to attack the problem. You could either replace the window sash with a mount for the fan (removing the window itself - minus the frame and replacing it with finish grade plywood), or build a frame over the rear of the window and hang a fan from it. That way you don't actually need to cut the glass. Here's one example Here's another
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? See this article. For a quick temporary fix you can use a repair sleeve, or clamp.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? You should always nail your joists to the joist hangers, using the type and quantity of nails recommended by the hanger manufacturer for the type of hangers you're using. Double-shear hangers, the most common type, will have special nail holes designed to direct the joist nails at an angle through the joist and into the ledger or header. Typically you'll use 16d or 10d standard-length nails for the joists, and short 1-1/2" 10d nail for fastening the hanger to the ledger or header. Here's an image from Simpson's website of a properly installed double-shear joist hanger:
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? CO is dangerous as it has not odor, It is best not to take risks. You can place a gas water heater outside in a metal closet with the proper ventilation. This is much safer. I also currently have an electric heater, but when I put in gas pipes a couple of years ago, I put one outside so one day I can set up a gas heater in a safe way.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Although both ways are advised by different sources, I have built dozens of decks in Maine as a contractor and have found that pressure treated and cedar boards almost always crown to the bark side and recommend the bark side face outward. Obviously this helps shed water and doesn't collect ice in pockets in the winter. Don't mix the methods as this can result in a very unattractive surface after a couple of years. Always be sure to use treaded fasteners, never galvanized common nails and be sure to sink coated screws or stainless steel ring shank nails. make them flush or slightly below the wood surface to eliminate tripping hazards or use under deck clip systems. If you find some boards that have a bad finish on the side you want to expose, don't use them! Bring them back and have them replaced. This may sound like a pain, but flawed wood with checks or cracks will degrade very quickly and ruin all the hard work you have done on that expensive deck. Don't forget to water isolate the ledger from the building and resist the temptation to use cheap waterproofing products. Often the details of construction in areas you can't see is as if not more important than the viewed surfaces. Good luck.
Geothermal Resources I am very interested in learning more about Geothermal solutions for my house. What are the best resources for learning about and planning a Geothermal systems for a residential house? Also, does anyone know any resources for DIY Geothermal solutions? I was kind of hoping to start by tinkering with a smaller scale system to maybe use along with my current HVAC system.
Geothermal Resources Talk to some local installers first. Unless you have a background in HVAC, I would say installing a geo is NOT a viable DIY project.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? I've always had the question of how much weight can a single screw into a drywall withstand? For instance, I would like to do things like this: It's hanged with 5 screws. The whole thing weights approximately 50kg (110 pounds) so we can say that each screw stands approximately 10kg (22 pounds). The person who installed it said it was fine, but is it really? Do somebody know a study or some numbers regarding how much weight this material can stand? EDIT: Just to clarify, it's not screwed to studs. It's screwed to the drywall.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? You can do things like this without relying on drywall only to support it. Find studs in the wall (buy a studfinder) and screw into them. While I don't know exactly how much one can hang on a screw in the drywall, I wouldn't hang anything on it. Drywall is an extremely brittle material. This means that even if something hangs on it just fine, a small shock (for example of a closing door) can spread cracks from around the tension points (screws). This means that with time the shelf will either drift down under its own weight, or most likely will fall off. In short: don't do it. I wouldn't hang a toilet paper holder just on the drywall.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? For hanging something that wide, you'll have at least a few studs behind it to anchor to. So it's not a matter of how much weight the drywall can hold. Anything heavy like a floating entertainment center should definitely be screwed into studs. I'd have to disagree with Rom though that a toilet paper holder needs a stud. Something light like that should be fine as long as you use drywall anchors rather than regular screws.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? I doubt there are filters on the individual returns, just at the main air handler return. I change filters every month (if I remember) because we live in the country and have dogs and cats. Sometimes there's a small drift of hair at the main return in the great room, which is a sign we need to sweep and reminds me to change the AC/furnace filter. What happens if you don't change your filter often enough is the fan motor burns out much sooner than it should, which will cost a 4 digit number to replace. Last time I replaced the whole furnace/air handler because it only cost $200 more than the fan motor parts.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? There are several kinds of drywall anchors and they each have their own weight rating. Some work by drilling a small hole and tapping in a plastic sleeve and others work by drilling a bigger hole and screwing a plastic sleeve and there are others where you drill a hole and the metal butterfly expands behind the drywall know as molly bolts (thanks comments!). Recently I saw anchors where you drill a 1 inch hole in the drywall and this big contraption grips the inside of the drywall (wish I could remember the name). Anyway, each of the big drywall anchors could hold over 50 pounds! The positive response got me to go dig for those contraptions. Turns out they are made by Moen and they're called SecureMount. I have the Moen SMA3000 and they really are just a bigger version of toggle bolts (spring loaded metal wings that fold and have a long machine screw). I also found this useful link that has pictures and describes all the types mentioned (except the SecureMount of course . . . those are new and very much a niche product).
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? It's always better to attach it to studs - which should certainly be possible with something that big. That said though, you might be surprised how much a drywall anchor can hold. How well they work depends on the load though. They will work best with a static downward load - a fixed weight close to the wall pulling directly downward. They will work much worse with loads that pull down and outward (like a shelf) or dynamic loads where the weight changes regularly causing the fastener to loosen up. Something like a toilet paper holder represents the worst of both worlds - it sticks out from the wall with the weight at the end, and you produce a dynamic load on it whenever you pull on the TP roll.
What is the recommended home design software? I am going to be finishing my basement. I would like to design the new basement myself using design software. What is the recommended home design software?
What is the recommended home design software? I'd start with the Wikipedia article on Geothermal Heat Pumps which is pretty good at giving the overview. It's a bit hard to do a 'small scale' system which you might expand later if you are laying pipe in the ground or in a pond. You probably don't want to do that twice. But an open system might give you a chance to play with the ideas. If you search around online there are a lot of DIY projects that can allow you to experiment with geothermal. Despite the the comments of others, it's not rocket surgery ;) You could build a small heat exchanger or put in a small open loop system in front of your existing HVAC and let the open loop geo system do most of the work and have the existing system only kick in if the temp gets out of bounds. What IS hard is DIY a system that will be efficient and save you money. Experimenting and understanding how geotherm works is a great project where you can learn a lot. But it's hard to beat the efficiency of commercial systems. It is a good idea to talk with local installers, but be careful of which ones you talk to. If they are not specialists in geothermal they may not have good info. Make sure they have experience designing and installing and then get info appropriate for your geography.
What is the recommended home design software? See this question. Google Sketchup seems to be a good option if you don't want to pay big bucks. Also, here's a tutorial for framing layout in Sketchup.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts I'm building a treehouse in a fully grown 50 foot tree that has four trunks (as it were) each of which is between a half foot to a foot in diameter. First, is this a good candidate for a small tree house (5x5 platform) that will be attached directly to the tree? If so, does anyone have any recommendations for supports in a configuration like that. I have some ideas but I wanted to get the opinions of people who have experience in contracting and even treehouse building.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts The Treehouse Guide is a pretty comprehensive resource. It covers topics from picking out the tree to building code adherence.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts There are powered gable vents you can install (cut a hole thru the side of the attic, or use the already provided gable vent) and they're fairly inexpensive. The best way to remove heat would be to use those small windows for makeup air and use a separate powered vent to exhaust the hot air. The previous poster has a good suggestion about setting up a PV panel to run the fan, but in order to get sufficient airflow through the attic you'll probably need a pretty large sized PV setup which can get prohibitively expensive. I've been researching them for my motorhome - the rough thumb rule seems to be ~1000 dollars per 100 watts of solar power (I added in costs for batteries and inverter since your home doesn't already come equipped) Even a smallish AC powered gable vent fan is going to pull 400 watts - so you can see how this gets expensive. There is a combination solar panel/attic vent kits which uses a DC motor but I'm not sure about the effectiveness. It seems to be rated fairly low in terms of air volume moved (800 CFM vs 1200-1600 for a 110v powered vent fan). Exhausting your attic will definitely save you energy as you're removing a huge heatload from your air conditioning - the superheated air in your attic.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts In the UK, "code" is the Buildings Regulations, available from here. In practice there's different levels of assessment required roughly corresponding to risk. For instance, work on gas installations and some electrical work must be performed by a qualified engineer. Similarly, while anyone can do structural work it needs to be inspected afterwards by the Building Control Officer of the local council. These regulations have teeth: not only legally, but it can be difficult or impossible to sell a house that has structural defects to anyone that needs a mortgage. (I had to have an installation of an RSJ inspected thirty years after installation by a previous owner when I sold a flat in Brighton.) Different more strict regulations apply to properties that are "listed" (i.e. considered of regional or national historic importance) or in a conservation district. Grade 1 listed buildings need to have permission granted by the council if you want to paint an interior wall, for example. See also the question on buildings regs versus planning permission, here.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts Ideally you need a 2 zone HVAC system for your house if you're trying to maintain an upstairs/downstairs sort of temperature control scheme. This is definitely a good idea in terms of energy savings; you don't want to fully heat or cool those areas which aren't occupied. Several questions come up: Is there a fixed occupancy schedule for both areas? What is your primary concern - energy savings or comfort? Without a sophisticated HVAC controls system in place you're basically going to be tied to a time based control scheme, so you need to figure out when you're going to be upstairs vs downstairs and home/not home so you can modify your thermostat settings accordingly. Just as a rough guide - when setting up an office building we would tend to run the daytime temperature between 70-74 degrees and set back to 60-62 in heating season or 80-82 in the cooling season when the space was not occupied (night). Letting the building get any colder (or hotter) only made for excessively long AC or heating runs to get the space(s) up to temp. Even an unoccupied/unimproved tenant space is kept between 60-80 degrees to minimize the impact on overall building heating/cooling.
Where can I find a garage door (slot) mail basket? I'm looking for a place I can buy a garage door mail slot basket. I had one in my old (rented) house and I'm looking to install one. It should look something like the image below, and keep upright when the garage door is opening. This site was selling them, but as you can see on the top of their page, not anymore :( If you have a suggestion where I can buy the basket itself (need to have round edge to act as a hinge when the door opens) and assemble it myself, that would be a good start too.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? I want to install a pet door to allow my dog to let herself out. The door would run out onto a deck attached to the back of the house. On the wall connected to the deck, I have a sliding glass door and enough wall space that the pet door could be located in a bunch of different situations. So the question is, what would be the preferred location/installing method? In the sliding glass door itself? (Seems difficult if not impossible) In the wall next to the door, between studs? (Cutting through drywall, insulation, and the exterior wall/siding) In the wall centered on a stud? (Not sure how much this would differ from option 2) Once the hole is made, would you frame around it? Do they sell pet door designed for exactly this (vs placing in an existing metal or wood door)?
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? This guy crafted his own. This site sells mail baskets. You could always use a priority mail box and attach it with a few bolts and screws. Hot glue a dowel rod to the box and use the same type of clips to get the hanging effect.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? My in-laws have a sliding glass door pet door. The door fits inside the track of the door. It works well for them. Perhaps you should check it out: http://www.amazon.com/PetSafe-Deluxe-Panels-Sliding-Medium/dp/B000633RX8 It matches the height of the sliding glass door. The model they have has clear glass so you don't lose visibility. Other models may be completely plastic on the inside with an aluminum frame. It can be removed because it has a spring catch at the top which you use to fit it to the door. Imagine it cupping the upper track and you can slide it up/down with your hand. This is the least intrusive solution I think. Once installed, the sliding glass door butts up against the pet door insert so the dogs only go through the pet door. You can add strip insulation where the sliding glass door and pet door meet to reduce air from escaping.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? Looks like they do sell pet doors for that purpose. You can even pick the size. As far as installing it, I think the last thing you want to do is center it on a stud.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? My advice: make friends with an HVAC guy. Just about any tinbender I knew would do a cash job on a Saturday for cheap :)
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? Going on the advice of a friend who used to teach carpentry, we painted the boards with a light coat of oil before building the forms. When we knocked the forms apart there was little concrete stuck on, perhaps 10% coverage. I let the boards sit and dry out completey then wacked them with a hammer, taking care of another %5 or so. After that a belt sander with coarse grit paper removed the remainder of the concrete and oil stains. The final result is boards that while not good as new are suitable for most applications (might not be paintable) and safe for power tools. We're using them for our deck joists.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? I have an unfinished basement, and I installed a redirector for my sump pump output so it can be drained to the sanitary sewer during winter months (and yes, I'm paying for the right to do so, and I'm following the rules :)). I installed a wye in the vertical drain pipe, and I needed a way of reconnecting said pipe after introducing the new fitting. To do this, I took a section of the 3" pipe, glued it to the top of the wye, and joined it to the original pipe with a Fernco fitting (specifically, this guy). The question: is it safe to leave the Fernco fitting in place and enclose it in a wall when I go to finish the basement?
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? Working to code and working under a permit do not have to be related. I always advocate doing work that meets or exceeds code, but many things in your own home do not require permits. However, most cities are not going to turn you down if you offer to give them money for their permission to work on your own home. Home Owners Associations can also have a say in what you can do to your home. Even if work is done to current code at the time, if code changes you'll usually have to include modifying a building to meet the new current code in any request for a work permit. There are still lots of buildings out there which need work or repair, but aren't getting them because code has changed. Accessibility features (ramps, elevators) are a common sticking point in commercial buildings.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? I would go with an in-wall installation - since you live in Fargo, you're likely to want the extra insulation it can provide. PetCo carries the Perfect Pet All Weather Series Insulated Pet Door and has a "wall kit" that boxes in the area of the hole. Something you might have to take consideration of, depending on the wildlife in your area, is that other animals may figure out how to use the door to get in your house. There are different types of electronic doors that you can get that have a tag you put on your dog's collar to allow them in and out. Our door is a more basic version of the PetCo one I linked above, but has a sliding panel on the inside that closes the pet door. Unfortunately, one of our dogs is afraid of the plastic flapper, so he won't use it.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? I'm not an expert, but it sounds like you have what we have at our house, so I'll say what I know (and/or can reference). From Wikipedia: "The forms are interlocking modular units that are dry-stacked (without mortar) and filled with concrete. The forms lock together somewhat like Lego bricks and serve to create a form for the structural walls or floors of a building." In other words, no wooden studs. Just plain ol' styrofoam. If you're able to look at the top part of the wall, you might actually be able to see the protruding Lego brick-like top part of the interlocking structure. This would also tell you just how thick the form is. While Wikipedia says the form bricks are dry-stacked, it wouldn't surprise me if there were a little adhesive used between them (it kind of seems like a good idea, but it's possible the form manufacturers recommend against that for some reason). As far as how they attached the drywall: just a bunch of screws, in our case. It's also reasonable to use adhesive in addition, as long as it won't eat through the styrofoam (or other material), of course. The styrofoam was actually surprisingly strong when I was drilling screws into it. Given that they used somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 screws on the 4' wide floor-to-ceiling sheet of drywall, I have no concerns about it coming down. There are electrical outlets and phone jacks on our ICF walls, and the lines and boxes are accommodated by carving out appropriate cavities. That creates another factor to consider when drilling into the ICF wall. Specifically: how straight are the channels that were carved out, and in which direction were they carved? Did they use nail plates along the route? Now, as far as attaching things to the wall securely is concerned... I doubt it would be equivalent to a stud in terms of support capacity, and I'm having trouble finding information on this topic online. If the drywall is attached directly to the ICF, you won't have any cavity behind the wall to place a spreading-type anchor, so those are ruled out. Of course, if you make the assumption that the wall is at least as strong as drywall on its own (indeed, I'd assume it's at least a little stronger), you can use a self-drilling drywall anchor (Lowe's has one branded "TOGGLER") and get plenty of capacity. Plus, you can use them in any location (excluding wire runs, as noted above) without worrying about hitting a stud after you've bored a giant hole in the drywall.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? There are solar-powered gable fans - an Air Vent-brand fan can be picked up at Lowe's for just over $200: The solar panel is on a cord, so it can be installed in the most sunny area while the fan sits in the gable. From the Air Vent website: The Gable-Mount Solar Vent is an exciting alternative to traditional attic ventilation. That's because it is powered by a solar panel that collects energy directly from the sun and converts it into electricity -- naturally -- to power a durable, high efficiency 24-volt DC motor. As a totally solar-powered solution, it's also environmentally friendly. Painless Installation The best installation feature is that the fan requires no electrical hook-up. That means no electrician and no complicated wiring is required, making the installation of your attic fan fast and easy. It mounts in the gable end of the home, behind a decorative shutter (not provided, see below). The solar panel comes with brackets that allow for mounting on the roof. Smooth Operation The solar panel collects energy throughout the day under direct sunlight and converts it into "free" power to operate the fan -- providing ventilation during daylight hours, when it's needed most. It creates up to 800 cubic feet of air movement per minute to remove uncomfortable heat in the summer and damaging moisture in the winter. And, the solar panel is wind-, hail- and impact-resistant to stand up to the elements. Specifications Moves up to 800 cubic feet of air per minute Solar panel collects and delivers power under direct sunlight during the hottest part of the day without electrical cost Wind-, hail- and impact-resistant solar panel High efficiency, durable 24-volt DC motor 5-year limited warranty Model #SHT15W Plastic Sold in the color white only but it can be painted to match a home’s exterior Automatically opens when the power fan is running and then closes when the fan is not running
Are solar panels cost-effective? Environmental issues aside, I'd like to know whether solar panels are worth it from a monetary standpoint? How long before payoff occurs? Pros & Cons? Is technology moving too fast, e.g. should I wait a year or two?
Are solar panels cost-effective? Payoff depends on the state you live in. NJ allows you to sell your energy credits to other companies so in NJ it is about a 3-5 year payback (which is great). Other states have similar programs or offer rebates. Check out One Block Off the Grid (http://1bog.org/) if you are interested in solar panels. They have been great at getting information about the pros and cons and also the benefits on adding solar panels (plus discounts for your entire neighborhood and a local contractor). Pros: It will increase your houses value. Depending on the state you live in you could hit payback very soon (and make a good profit after that). You will just feel good about getting environmentally friendly energy. Your electric bill will be much lower each month (you still draw electricity during the night since batteries are just not worth it yet and most electric companies do not pay you money... your bill could be $0 though each month). Cons: Your roof should be in good condition before installing the solar panels. Up front cost (some states do not have any incentives). You end up with something on your roof that will not necessarily increase your house's curb appeal. Is technology moving too fast, e.g. should I wait a year or two? In my opinion if you live in a state that has good rebates or incentives to get solar panels then I would do it. I live in NJ and I am so tempted to get solar panels but my hesitation has to do with not being 100% sure I will be in my house in the next 3 to 5 years and also the age of my roof, it is 15 years old and really needs to be replaced first before installing solar panels.
Non-Toxic Wood Glue I've got a cutting board that was left soaking for too long, and it subsequently cracked and split. Is there a non-toxic wood glue I can use to glue it back together? I'm planning on using a quick clamp and whatever type of wood glue is safe to use for food prep surfaces, if there is such a thing.
Non-Toxic Wood Glue According to this article regular old TiteBond II is non-toxic and FDA approved for cutting boards.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? Do recommended types of mitigation systems vary significantly with varying levels of excess radon? Does climate have any impact on the mitigation system of choice? Are there any other major factors to consider?
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? I used 3D Home Architect several years ago. It worked well and was inexpensive. As a matter of fact, I got it to design my basement.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? Always hit studs when you can. If this hit a few studs it will not have a problem at all. Where you have to anchor to drywall, use toggle bolts if heavy, if something like a picture and frame, use a plastic anchor.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? I would just trim. Then the hinges won't have to be moved. Don't try to trim just one side, but take an even amount off. After cutting, I usually use a belt sander to smooth the edge and knock the edge of the cuts. Tip - If the door is painted nice, or varnished, put some masking take on it for the saw to slide on.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? I used 3D Home Architect several years ago to design my basement. I bought an older version for less than 20 bucks. It worked well. I would check out their newer version.
How can I find a match for ~100 year old door/window trim? Our house is around 100 years old, and during the course of a bathroom demo, the contractor irreparably broke part of the window trim. Of course, the big box and local lumber stores are completely useless for finding a match. I imagine the design was common and is probably still available somewhere in bulk. I've also seen an HGTV show where a place used tools that follow the curves of a sample piece to create a match. The problem is, I don't have a clue where to start my search... any ideas?
How can I find a match for ~100 year old door/window trim? I use the open source QCad software, which is available for several platforms. I use the Linux version (Ubuntu) but also tested the Mac OSX version which is time limited. The application is a little bit disappointing if you think in terms of line/shape primitives such as in usual vector based drawing software. Initially I think this kind of software was made for mechanical part design, but many libraries exist for home furniture, electric scheme,... If: you need 2D only you really need precision (a line that is really tangent to a circle, lot of alignment tools, ... ) you want to add dimensions to your design (length, diameters,...) you want to export DXF files (e.g. to send your design to a laser cut machine, yes, amateur can also do that !) you want to produce professional quality drawing this soft is definitely an interesting tool for serious amateur. The leaning curve is slow at the beginning but it definitely worths the effort !
How can I straighten pipes behind a wall? The original builders did a shoddy job when they installed the plumbing in the bathroom, causing the taps/faucets to come out of the tiled plasterboard wall at a slight angle - about 5 degrees - so the flanges aren't flush against the wall. Any ideas on straightning the pipes without breaking the wall; I don't have any spare tiles and am unlikely to find any.
What is a smart switch? I was looking at this question which mentions smart switches. What are they? What are there uses?
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? I've got this small old bathroom that I want to lay with ceramic tiles. But to do that the walls should be straight - which they are not. Three of them are almost fine, but the fourth is... well, take a look at the pictures: Left: front view at the wall; Right: side view at the wall. This isn't to scale, but you can see the idea. First of all there is a large towel-dryer in the middle of it, stretching almost all the way across. Secondly, the wall starts slanting away on the upper half. I cannot remove the towel dryer because the people who designed the original plumbing system (probably dead by now) were... not very smart, to put it politely. It is attached to the central hot water supply in the apartment block and turning off the water means that everyone loses hot water. To make it better, even if I did turn off the water momentarily and remove the dryer, I'd still need to reconnect the open ends or the water flow would be broken (my above neighbour gets the hot water that has passed through my dryer). And last but not least - to turn off the water and do anything with the dryer I have to call the authorities and pay them $30 every time. Royal pain. So... what would you suggest?
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Can you cut the wall on the other side of the pipes? That might let you get at them without breaking the tile. Be aware, however, that if you do, it may not help - if the pipes are at an angle, and you straighten them out, you're going to end up with the pipes wanting to come out at a position slightly to the side of where they are now. In other words, the holes in the wall and tile may no longer be in the right position. You may be able to flex things to make this work, but not necessarily.
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Am surprised that no one has mentioned Duck Tape (Duct tape?) and 3 in 1 oil.... :)
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? I believe those are switches that can be controlled remotely. The method varies - some can receive commands through power lines, some use radio, some need a separate cable. You use these when you want to build a "smart house". That is, all the electrical devices can be controlled remotely. For example you could connect to your house from your work through the Internet and turn off the light in the kitchen that you left on. Or you could switch on the coffee maker before departing for home, so that you have fresh coffee when you arrive. Or maybe have your washing machine send you an SMS when the laundry is done. The possibilities are limitless. The technology isn't anything new, but such devices are still a lot more expensive than traditional electrical networks. They are trying to make it cheaper of course, but it's nowhere near the point where it could be made ubiquitous. Also they are not problem free. As always - the more stuff there is, the more something can go wrong. And both radio and power-line based communications suffer heavily from noise. Separate cables don't have this issue, but they are difficult to lay out, not to mention expensive. Naturally, progress has been made here as well over the last decades, so the latest types of devices are already quite reliable. Last but not least - not only are there different methods for communication, but several different protocols as well for each method. So whichever you choose it will severely limit the devices available to you. Of course you could always use the traditional "dumb" devices, but then you'd loose all the benefits of a smart house.
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Also, depending on your geographical location, you might not get enough sun every year to make it worth. That would be an issue for me for example (though I'm not from US).
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Look for a local furniture shop or woodworker and ask if they can make it.
How can I tell where my inground sprinkler hoses are? I'm going to be building a deck next week in my backyard! I'm very excited for the project, but I'm concerned about one thing: digging the foundation holes. I have an inground sprinkler system, and I'm concerned that I'm going to hit a buried hose when I'm digging. How am I supposed to find where the hoses are? Also, what if I start digging and find a hose.. Can I move the hose, or do I have to move the hole?
How can I tell where my inground sprinkler hoses are? A good, local lumber company should be able to tell you whether such a thing is available. Even if they don't stock it normally, if it is available, they should be able to special order it for you.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? I know metal detectors for walls, but in my house there are places where it has a plastic pipe. I wonder if there is a good detector to buy.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? Typically in the ground they use expensive sensors and ground-penetrating radar to accomplish this. If you can find a stud detector that can detect water in the pipes (you need something to conduct), then you should be in business. This company makes a plastic pipe detector. And so does this company. I imagine it uses radar to do it or sound waves.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? I spent a couple summers in college installing underground sprinkling, so I know a little bit about this. Typically you will have a large valve box somewhere in your yard. These will usually have an access hatch (or several small hatches) for maintenance, so they should be easy enough to find. Typically a pipe will run from the water supply to the valve box. From the valve box pipes will run out to the various sprinkler heads. Each valve in the valve box represents a single zone. When the sprinklers come on, a valve will open and all the sprinklers in that zone will come on at the same time. You can tell (roughly) where the pipes will be for that zone by finding the shortest path from the valve box that connects all the sprinklers in a zone. As long as you dig carefully, you shouldn't have too much trouble. The pipes are usually pretty tough and are usually buried about a foot or so under the ground. If you do run into one, you're not going to be able to move it without doing some serious trenching, so you'll most likely be stuck moving your hole instead.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? I am not sure if there are tools out there for detecting the water in the pipes but I would think they are pretty expensive. For the most part though the lines will run from one sprinkler head to the next in a straight line (or a gentle curve). If you run into an irrigation line you can most definitely move it. Just use an extra piece of pipe and a coupling on either end (plus two hose clamps). Lowes or Home Depot will have the right sized coupling and hose clamps for your line diameter. I have broken my sprinkler line twice in my garden (the line runs directly underneath) and patched it both times like this. Be careful not to pull too hard on the line or you could end up pulling the entire line under the ground and move the attached sprinkler heads. In other words don't just try and stretch the line around your hole and put pressure on the entire line... eventually it would move the head. EDIT: Eric Petroelje is right that you would need to do some serious digging to give yourself enough room to work and get the pipe around your footing hole. But if the footing hole location cannot be moved then it might be necessary.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? There is a really good place down in Houston, Texas. I love shopping at this place because of all the interesting old reclaimed building supplies they have, especially old plumbing fixtures, doors, windows, and doorknobs. I checked their web-site and it looks like you can shop online: Adkins Architectural Antiques & Treasures If nothing else they might be able to refer you to someone local.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? There is a wide variety of router bits available online. Handheld routers can be had for less than $200. Some are even less than $100, but the ones I have seen have ¼-inch shanks. Some of the “interesting” router bits are only available for ½-inch shanks.
What are the different gauges of electrical wire available? What are the different gauges of electrical wire available for homes and how do you determine which gauge you should be using? If it helps, I'm wondering specifically about recommendations as I finish my basement.
What are the different gauges of electrical wire available? This article has a full list and gives examples: http://electrical.about.com/od/wiringcircuitry/a/electwiresizes.htm For the most part though, 12 gauge wire is used for 20 AMP circuits and 14 gauge wire is used for 15 AMP circuits. You probably can just use the 14 gauge wire in the basement (but it also depends on what you are doing in the basement as far as power requirements). For example, these days a kitchen is always wired with 12 gauge/20 AMP circuits because of all the power demands. The refrigerator will be on its own 20AMP circuit and so will the dishwasher. Then depending on the number of outlets/counter space you may have one of more additional 20 AMP circuits. The rest of the house is usually 14 gauge but the size of the house will determine the number of 15 AMP circuits for everything. Also keep in mind that 14 gauge wire is much more flexible than 12 gauge. So don't just go to 12 gauge just because... you will have a much harder time wiring everything if you do.
What are the different gauges of electrical wire available? Really there are only two sizes you'll need to be concerned about. 14 gauge ("white") wire is used for 15amp circuits and is what you will probably use for everything you are doing. 12 gauge ("yellow") wire is used for 20amp circuits. In a typical home these are used in the kitchen and sometimes for dedicated window AC unit circuits. These wires are harder to bend and work with, and also more expensive. Some people use 12 gauge everywhere in order to support space heaters. There are also "three conductor" versions of both 14 and 12 gauge wire. You probably won't need to use these for anything, but they are most often used for running multiple circuits in a single wire or for connecting 3-way light switches. There are other sizes as well, but they are generally for specialty use (like for 30/40/60 amp circuits for electric dryers, stoves or hot tubs).
Which hammer drill should I buy? I'm looking to buy a cordless hammer drill. What should I buy? Note: It can be just a drill not a screwdriver too if that makes a difference. Its purely for diy. No real budget in mind, more just looking to see what makes I should be considering.
How do I sweat pipes in an enclosed area? I need to repair a leak in the plumbing behind my shower. There is an access panel, and enough room for myself and my torch, but not much else. How do I apply the flame to the fittings (for the final installation) without burning down my house? It seems that no matter how I direct the flame, it's hitting something that burns (drywall, wood, myself, etc).
Old light fixture box I live in an older house (California) and the overhead light fixture boxes seem small. They unreceptive to the fixtures my wife has purchased from Ikea in that they have two holes for accepting screws and no amount of cajoling the Ikea fixture will cause its holes to line up. I've picked up an adapter plate from a hardware store but none of its holes line up with the fixture's holes either. Am I doing it wrong?
Old light fixture box You could try using a chunk of cement board as a sort of heat shield. Another option would be to just use compression fittings instead (if that's possible for what you are doing).
Old light fixture box I bought a piece of fireproof 'cloth' at the hardware store. I'm not sure what's in it - fibreglass? In any event, it's about 10x10 (or less) and you can just slip it behind the thing you are working on (I usually duct-tape it to the wall behind) and it protects the wall. I actually cut a slot in mine so that I could slip it around a pipe stub where the stub came out of the wall.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Sorry if this is an obvious question. Can anyone tell me why the dry lined plaster in our house so frequently cracks beneath the edge of the windows? At first I thought it may be relating to the heat changes or something over time; however, we've recently had a room stripped down, new plasterboard put in and it's been re-skimmed, and three weeks later, it's cracked just beneath the edge of the window. The cracks are barely visible, and don't seem to get any worse over time - they just crack and stay cracked.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Shrinking tube and hot glue - use them all the time. The combination of shrinking tube and hot glue makes smooth, sealed and water-proof solids of any basic shape. Ideal to create custom-shaped plugs or jacks.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Cordless (circular) trim saw. Fits into tighter quarters, better for making short cuts than the full-size circular saw.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? It depends upon the type of drywall anchor (as noted in other answers). It also depends upon the thickness of the drywall itself. Typical drywall thickness for walls is 3/8"; ceilings are usually 1/2". There is also 5/8" drywall which is generally for very large sheets on ceilings. In certain industrial applications, two (2) 1/2" sheets are used everywhere. It will also depend upon the spacing between studs (ie: 12" stud spacing will support a heavier load than 24" spaced studs, all other factors being equal). And of course, this doesn't begin to talk about concrete backer-board and other specialized wall materials.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Stanley Plastic Clamp Miter Box
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Usually you will have some sort of strap (as shown in the pictures below) which will go over the receptacle box and then the overhead light will attach to that.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? If it's not a standard junction box, you could always replace it with a new one. A standard octagonal junction box should do the trick: If the old box wasn't located near a ceiling joist, I'd recommend something like the Westinghouse Saf-T-Brace. You don't even need to go into the attic to install it. (You do need to know which way your ceiling joists run though.)
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Cordless I re-read your question and saw it said cordless. I don't have a cordless but this website rated the Milwaukee 0824-24 V18 Lithium-Ion Hammer Drill Kit as the best. The Hitachi DV14DL 14.4-Volt Lithium-Ion Cordless Hammer Drill is another quality product available for about the same price as the Milwaukee drill. Cord I have this one and it works pretty well - Hitachi 5-Amp 5/8" Hammer Drill Don't forget to buy a good hammer drill bit if you are doing true hammer drill work! Non-hammer drill bits will break. I suggest carbide tipped drill bits for this task. The smaller the drill bit though, the faster they break - carbide or not.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Re-use for forms. Lumber is cheap anyways, so go get yourself a new piece if you want to use the same type of wood again.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? A slide gauge If you want to know what size bolt you're supposed to use, how deep a hole you need to drill or whenever precise measurement is needed.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Tightbond II is an excellent choice, but it's not waterproof, and it softens considerably under heat. TightBond III has much better heat and water resistance. If there's any chance that somebody will put your cutting boards in a dishwasher, I'd spring the extra two bucks for the TightBond III.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? What's the soil like where you live? I grew up in the Cdn prairie. The soil there was sandy clay. I spoke to a geologist who said that houses built in Edmonton actually "floated" - that is, they'd shift seasonally, sort of swaying back and forth on the soil. He was very amused at the lengths to which people went to patch cracks in walls, etc, only to have them re-appear the next summer. Everyone assumed the houses were shifting, and the #$@))@#$ foundation contractor didn't do a good enough job, etc. but in reality it was the nature of the soil. If you're on ground like that, then the cracks will always appear at the corners of windows, doors, etc. because those are natural flex points if the house moves a bit.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? If you don't have a problem with water pooling any more, the real answer is probably to have a professional roofer look closely at the roof both on the inside and outside. The problem with a lot of roof leaks is that where the water shows up in the house isn't where it comes in. Water has an annoying tendency to run along internal beams and such, then come into the house far away. You can go over any edges with new tar and hope you catch it but in my experience this approach ends up being like playing whack-a-mole, you patch and wait for it to rain, then patch more and wait more, etc. So I would say if you can do it yourself, look closely at the underside of the roof as well as the outside. If you don't find anything, a professional roofer is probably in order.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? if it's outside follow txwikinger's advice. If it's inside, it also depends what type of wood and whether you're going to paint it or stain it? If you're planning on staining a soft wood (e.g. pine) then you'll need to use wood conditioner to seal the grain and then stain (no need to use wood conditioner of hard woods, e.g. oak) after you stain it, you can use polyurethane for finish.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? I've seen this happen often at the corners of windows and doors. My first question would be - is there a seam in the plasterboard where the crack is occurring? If not, is the crack just through the skim coat or is the board underneath actually cracked? If you just plaster over the crack, it will certainly crack again. I would try either taping over the crack with mesh tape and plastering over the tape or if it's just a hairline crack, caulk it and paint it. The caulk should be flexible enough not to crack again.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? Is it necessary to put any kind of vapor barrier beneath blown in cellulose insulation in an attached garage? The ceiling is sheetrocked, but that's it. It's a cold, dry climate (north half of Minnesota), but lots of heat and moisture will come from vehicles parked beneath; thus, I imagine a fair amount of ice would develop over the course of the winter. But...I'm not sure how much ice, or if it's anything to worry about.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? It depends on how much ventilation you've got in your attic. This article provides the most useful and thorough information source that I've managed to find. For what it's worth, my attic above the garage has the blown in insulation resting on the sheetrock, but then again, I live in Alabama.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? I found the following VERY detailed tutorial on determining joist span based on expected live and dead load: American Wood Council The weight your deck will need to support will depend whether you get snow and how much, whether there will be a roof over the deck, whether the deck will be sheltered by any other means, what do you expect to do with the deck (outdoor kitchen, hot tub, outdoor parties), etc.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? I wouldn't do it personally. You might end up with moisture hanging around up there and you want it gone. The insulation should be enough.
How do I prevent window drafts? I live in Florida. I have noticed that in the Winter it seems that the cold air leaks through the windows and into the rooms. This, of course, raises my energy bill for heating (yes we have to turn on the heat in Florida sometimes!) It seems like to me that the air is leaking through where the bottom of the window meets the aluminum frame. I thought that I could use window frame weather stripping to place between where the window comes down to meet the frame and the frame itself. So essentially, the window would "squish" the insulation and make a good seal. Is this the preferred method? I have checked the caulking in and around the window. It is definitely not leaking through there and in the Winter I can feel the cold air come through the sill.
What are some at-home options for pest control? I am thinking about ditching my pest guy and going straight DIY. Raid has released a new product called Raid Max Bug Barrier. Lowe's also carries a number of DIY insect treatments. I figure the initial startup cost is high but long term is cheaper. Has anyone else embarked on this before and what were the results? Suggestions?
What are some at-home options for pest control? A perhaps non-obvious note: make sure the wire you use is rated for at least the maximum load of the associated circuit breaker. That is, if you need to change a circuit from 15 amps to 20 amps, you can't just upgrade the circuit breaker if the wire isn't rated for it. Unless you're putting together a practice building for firefighters, of course. Similarly, if you're putting in a circuit that you foresee potentially upgrading in the future, it might make sense to use a beefier wire.
What are some at-home options for pest control? My outlet tester; beats sticking a paperclip in the outlet to see if it's live...
What are some at-home options for pest control? We've had crickets getting into our basement, I believe through a gap somewhere in the basement egress window edges. Those windows have timber-lined window wells, and they like to sneak around between the timbers. I just threw down a bunch of Ortho Home Defense MAX all around the house last night, paying special attention in the window wells, and it was like a war zone down there this morning...dead and dying crickets abound. If I remember, I'll come back in a few days with a report on the population trend inside the house.
What are some at-home options for pest control? You should be using an insulated shorting probe to properly discharge that capacitor. There are special shorting probes made for this purpose, but the only ones I've seen online are for really large applications (like attached to a hot stick type large). When I was in the Navy we had some nice handheld sized ones for using inside equipment cabinets. Short of purchasing one, there are instructions on the web on how to build one. I wouldn't just take a wire or leads from a bulb socket and short the cap leads to ground - those compressor start/run capacitors can be fairly high in capacitance and hold a decent amount of energy. If you decided to create a DIY shorting probe, ensure you get a resistor of sufficient size so you're not just instantaneously discharging the cap to ground (basically creating a direct short - unsafe). And lastly... ABSOLUTELY check the circuit is deenergized at the capacitor terminals after you're done discharging them - you might think it's dead... but sometimes you don't always get a good contact on the lead or fully discharge the component.
What is the best kind of grass/seed for a completely shaded lawn? After our home was built this winter, we had a new lawn seeded in the spring and it came in nicely almost everywhere except one area in the back that is in the shade all day long (there are woods on one side and the house on the other). I plan to add additional seed to that area of the lawn but want to choose a type of grass that will do ok with almost no direct sunlight if there is such a thing. What do you suggest? Edit: I live near Madison, Wisconsin.
What is the best kind of grass/seed for a completely shaded lawn? Adding that EPDM weather stripping will help if the leak is between the sash and the window sill. I actually had a piece of that stuff in my car to stop a door frame air leak for many years. I would also check to make sure the air isn't leaking between the sashes of the window as well. Once you put the weather strip in place, I would go back and double check the perimeter of the window frame for leaks using the old candle test to check for any drafts. Additionally - Aluminum windows are notorious heat transmitters (they let in lots of heat from outside in summer and cold in winter). I've noticed on cold days aluminum window frames can be so cold relative to inside it almost feels like a slight draft due to convection or whatever effect is in place there. One more overlooked spot you may want to look at to seal up is your electrical outlets - they are responsible for leaking a lot of air as well. You can get gaskets which go on underneath the cover plates that will seal that leakage up. Good luck!
What is the best kind of grass/seed for a completely shaded lawn? Assuming your service can accommodate the additional circuit(s), you can install tandem circuit breakers to replace your 15amp circuits - basically two breakers siamesed into a single breaker form factor. If you replaced all your singled up breakers with tandems that should plenty of space to add in any extra circuits allowed by code. That's really the only way you can get additional circuits into your breaker box short of replacing the entire service.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? This question falls dangerously close to being a software question, but it's definitely specific to DIY... My house is around 100 years old. Off-the-shelf home design programs have nice libraries of drop-on components like walls and windows that can be adjusted somewhat to fit, but they are basically useless when trying to realistically match older wall sizes, window types, molding, etc. I love Google Sketch-up and have successfully created a few basic plans in it, but I'm really tired of reinventing the wheel constantly, or compromising my 3D design and having just a big box rather than a detailed rendering. I would love, for instance, to be able to create a wall that is exactly 9'4" tall, 5 1/4" inches thick, with a baseboard on each side that is 3/4" x 8" with a 1/2" turn edge, and quarter-round at the bottom. Then I'd like to be able to drop that into Sketch-up and simply resize it to create a custom wall that is exactly like those in my house. Same goes with the windows, doors, trim, and various other odds and ends. My experience, however, has been that SU can't think of anything as an "object", only as edges and surfaces. So, trying to reuse shapes is a bit of a pain, as is punching through walls and adding realistic windows, etc. So, any tips on how to properly component-ize my designs?
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? I wouldn't say its a great idea in my opinion - but on the other hand, using a coupling is generally code compliant. I'm not a huge fan of those repair couplers, but they are usually approved for joining like materials underground if they're fully sheathed (the coupling is surrounded by stainless steel - called a mission coupling) so I don't see why it would be a problem in the basement unburied. Whatever you do, make sure you properly cement that coupling in place. I would call the inspector on that one, just to be sure. Something like this is one of those plumbing code issues which varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. When dealing with sanitary sewer piping, I wouldn't scrimp out on a fitting just to save a few bucks... the thought of a potential sewer joint failure in your basement is too awful to imagine.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? Start here: EPA's guide on radon mitigation for home buyers. We have a radon mitigation system in our house. Our house failed the radon test during the home inspection, so we forced the sellers to have one installed. The work was done by a local radon contractor, paid for by the seller for $975. We also had another bid that was $1100. (Those prices included an independent re-test of the radon levels after the system was installed.) There are lots of Youtube videos of radon mitigation systems. They are worth watching. The videos were very informative for me when I was trying to understand all of this during the home buying process. For our system, they cut a hole in the basement slab and sunk in a 4" PVC pipe. The PVC pipe runs up into the garage. It runs along the wall of the garage, and into the attic above the garage. In the attic, there is a radon fan (model RP145). From the fan, a short length of pipe extends up through the roof. There is a rubber weather-proofing boot around the pipe on the roof. Our system has a u-tube monitor attached to the PVC pipe in the basement. It measures the suction, so you can see if the fan has quit working. Looks like this. The fan makes some noise. You can hear it in the garage, but it's not that loud. Everything I read about the model of fan we have says it is good, with a pretty long average lifespan. (They do eventually break and have to be replaced.) The one thing that sucks is that I now have a big 4" PVC pipe along the wall in the garage. In hindsight, it might have been possible to rip up some drywall and run the pipe inside the wall. (Not sure.) The radon level was at 21.9 pCi/L during the home inspection. The re-test showed it at 0.9 pCi/L. Here is the EPA's guide on radon levels. For a house with lower radon levels, they may use a "passive" system with no fan. For higher radon levels, they may use a more powerful fan and a bigger pipe. Depending on the construction of the house, the radon contractor may want to install the system on the outside of the house (pipe and fan mounted against a rear wall, running up to the roof). While researching mitigation systems before buying the house, I learned that an outside fan installation considerably increases the failure rates of the fan motor. When designing/installing a radon system, some thought goes into the angles of the PVC pipe to control the influx of rain water into the pipe. The pipe also has to be routed through the house without destroying structural studs and joists. The wiring for the radon fan also has to be up to code (e.g. use a junction box). A competent radon contractor will do these things, but it doesn't hurt to ask questions. The other thing a radon contractor may do is caulk and seal any cracks or gaps in your foundation. Unused drain holes may be closed up. The idea is to prevent any radon gas in the surrounding ground from seeping into your basement. If you are concerned about radon in your house, there are some low cost radon home test kits. You can buy them at home improvement stores. They come with a charcoal canister, which you let sit in your basement for a while, then you send it to a lab for results. We also looked at getting one of these units and installing it down in the basement. It does continuous monitoring, and will beep at you if the levels get too high. Never actually got around to ordering it.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? It's no big deal -- just stress cracks in the plaster that form your house settles, or when the humidity and heat cause the wood to expand and contract. If it bothers you cosmetically, you can just skim the cracks with plaster. Avoid the pre-mixed plaster that they sell at the big-box stores, as its difficult to spread it really thin.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? Eric's comment is the best advice. The less you know, the better. Here are the three options that I would consider: Heat strip at low temperature (<1100 degrees) Paint over with a good primer. Replace the trim
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? I used to have carpenter ants coming in. I sprayed with a product called "Sevin". Just mixed it up and sprayed around the house and it did the trick. I've only seen a few ants this season.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? My first question is "What kind of bugs?" We have never had a pest control person at our house, and we deal with beetles, ants, wasps (evil, evil wasps), flies, spiders, etc. and we've never had a problem with them in the house. I try to avoid chemicals when I can, but I've had good luck with different "natural" treatments. Outside, we have both fly and wasp traps. We use RESCUE! Disposable traps1. Currently, we have one out back that has about 2 inches of flies in it, and according to the website, it can hold up to 20,000 flies (which is really gross). I've seen a few yellowjacket wasps in there as well. Nice thing about these traps is that when they're full, you just close it up and toss the whole thing away, no mess. You can pick these traps up at Lowe's. Of course, we have your typical bug zapper outside that we move around the house, which works quite well at night. We also have an "Insector Bug Collector Light", which apparently was sold by Sharper Image - I can't find any current sellers of it online. It's like an indoor bug zapper (same UV light) but they're blown by a fan into the netted area at the bottom, where they slowly starve to death. The bottom pops off so you can clean it. As far as ants go, we've had good luck with your standard outdoor poison traps and spraying their hills with chemicals. My wife sprays a clear "insect barrier" chemical from Lowe's around our front door area (I can't be around, it makes me sneeze when it's being sprayed). I also posted an answer about getting rid of ants in an environmentally-friendly way on another question here. For everything else, we use the good, old-fashioned "whack'em with a shoe" method of insect control. 1 My wife pointed out "Ugh, it smells like rotting meat", to which I replied "Good, that means it's working!" But really, they do stink, so we keep ours away from house as much as possible.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? Boric Acid Insecticidal Dust is great for getting rid of roaches. Just put it behind your stove, refrigerator, and dish washer and wherever else they may crawl and it will take care of them. Also I spray around the foundation of my entire house with an all purpose outdoor insect spray each spring when the weather starts to warm up. That usually takes care of the ants for the remainder of the spring, summer, and fall.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? It would help if you said where you are. However, if you're in the southern US, Saint Augustine would be a good choice. If you're in a cooler climate some types of Fescue might work for you. Another thing to consider would be a ground cover - perhaps Jasmine.
Bermuda grass is invading my Kentucky Blue? Any solutions that don't involve Roundup? I live in the mountain west, where my neighbor's lawn and the mountains nearby allow Bermuda grass to infiltrate my lawn. My neighbor says the only real solution is Roundup; but I'm sure that's not the case. What can I do to discourage growth of the one grass type while promoting growth of the other?
Bermuda grass is invading my Kentucky Blue? Any solutions that don't involve Roundup? You could try creating your own plug-ins using the Google Sketchup Ruby API. You may also be able to find some useful ones that others have created, this site offers some and I'm sure a Google search will revile other sites with similar offerings like this one. Google Sketchup API Documentation Google Sketchup Community Forum Here is another good plug-in site.
What causes a partial blackout? Last night, my neighborhood had a blackout, but for some reason, only half of the electrical circuits in my house went out. I was under the impression that there was only one main electrical feed going into a house. Can someone please explain how this works?
What causes a partial blackout? I've heard of using asphalt shingles as a barrier between grass and flower beds (just dig a trench and bury a line of shingles, may not be pretty but it's effective) and that should stop any more grass from spreading but as for the existing grass you may be forced to either use RoundUp or chop it out and re-seed. I'm not sure of any chemical or other control method that targets Bermuda grass specifically.
What causes a partial blackout? Check out this post: http://www.homekb.com/Uwe/Forum.aspx/repair/35373/Service-Entry-Cable-caused-partial-blackout-in-my-house Your house is fed with two legs at 120 volts each. If you look inside your breaker box, you see three big wires coming in, red, black, white. The red and black are legs of 120V, the white is the neutral. Half your circuits are on one leg, half on the other. A 220V is on both. The power company lost one of the legs and so did you. Looks like what happened to you.
What causes a partial blackout? I know that Centipede and St. Augustine do not like lime. I have controlled Centipede in my Fescue using extra lime in the area. I don't know how Bermuda tolerates lime but it may be worth experimenting before resulting to killing everything.
What causes a partial blackout? I spray Ortho Home Defense Max once a month around the perimeter of my house. It works great and lasts a long time.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? I have a sliding glass door off my kitchen which used to have a screen on it (the screen slid on a track just outside of the glass doors). When I moved into my house the screen that was there was a replacement screen (I do not think it was the original) which quickly ripped (the screen that was there just was not made for 4 kids 6 years and under). I tried another replacement screen from Home Depot this spring and although the screen itself did not rip, it just did not fit perfectly, would not slide smoothly, and got bent and went in the garbage in about 2 weeks. I would try another replacement but it would need to be something better than what I got at Home Depot last. And I would go to the door manufacturer but the name on the glass is Guardian and I have not been able to find them. UPDATE (2011-09-18): The patio door is an American Craftsman by Andersen sold at the Home Depot. See my answer for more info.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? They are typically made of vinyl. Some people are stating here that it last them about 5 years so far. I'd expect 5-10 years. After 10 years, it probably will be brittle anyways. Just keep the chemicals away and wash with water only.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Guardian is the manufacturer of the glass itself, but not the door assembly. See http://www.guardian.com/en/na/gd_002563.html I think the key to finding the proper sliding screen is going to be finding out the manufacturer of the assembly. Have you looked all around the door frame for a nameplate?
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Installing solar should be one of the last things you do. You should first concentrate on those things that will reduce the amount of energy you will be using. "The Green Building Advisor" has a good article on The Energy Efficiency Pyramid. I believe this article will help you make some wise decisions about where to start.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Toolbucket. Love mine. It's amazing what all you can get into one of these.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? I've seen this in areas where the foundations are built on a shrink-swell clay or above a shale formation. Doorways and window openings are the weak spots in the walls, so that's where you see the cracks. Get with someone in your local USDA or Conservation District office, they can tell you if soil type could be the culprit.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Replace the trim, if you're really that concerned. Will probably be easier and cheaper than dealing with any more paint stripping.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? It depends on your point of view. PV cells are a gamble from a financial POV... depending on the state you're looking at and if you finance you're looking at a 5-12 year payback. The cells are supposed to last 20-25 years, but you may need to replace some equipment after 10-12. Upsides: Energy prices will probably rise. Peak energy demand drives energy prices, and is likely to continue increasing. PV Cells generate power during times of peak demand. In many states, adding peak generating capacity is near-impossible to do economically PV Cells increase your home's resale value (they are the only things on your home generating revenue) with little or no tax impact. (Versus a kitchen or pool) You're making a positive environmental/carbon impact. Downsides: Tax credits and other incentives are driving the market. Where you live matters more than for most things. It's difficult to shop around, IMO. Is vendor X better than vendor Y? If the tax credits disappear (this happened in the 80's), will your manufacturer be around to honor that 25 year warranty? The financial models all involve risk. If the cells are destroyed in a hailstorm or something and insurance doesn't cover it, there goes your return! Electric rates may not grow! If you finance the system, you're mostly displacing utility cost for debt service for several years! Other Options: From a dollars and cents point of view, the best alternative energy story out there is solar hot water. You spend alot more money heating water than you realize, and you can put in a solar hot water system for a few thousand (versus $40k - rebates) dollars and start recouping your investment in 3-5 years.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Did the door that was there when you moved in work ok? Could you just replace the screen in it?
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? Not sure if this counts as "Home Improvement", but it's worth a shot: I'm currently in an apartment where I'm not supposed to use chemicals to clear drains, like in the sink/tub. I've cleared out the tub drain before (obviously hair buildup) but for some reason it doesn't seem to take long before it's draining slower than the shower is spraying. It seems that the funk in the drain in a contributing factor, helping the hair to cling/build up in the drain. Is there a home made or DIY (or "apartment safe") solution that will help to really clean the drains?
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? This article might be helpful. or this one Drain Cleaner Pour together: ½ c. borax in drain followed by 2 c. boiling water OR ¼ c baking soda down the drain, followed by ½ c. vinegar Cover drain and let sit for 15 minutes. Follow with 2 qts. boiling water. OR Use a plumber's "snake" and boiling water.
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? I've heard that plumbers swear by bio-clean. I guess the idea is that all the anti-bacterial soaps that people use tend to kill the "good" bacteria in the drain lines that naturally digest the crud that gets stuck in there. This stuff restores those bacteria so they can clean the pipes out naturally. My experience with it has been pretty good for cleaning out slow drains with lots of buildup on them, but I don't think it'll do much to larger hair-type clogs (although if the pipes are clean, the hair clogs might not form in the first place).
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? My experience is that when tub drains clog, it is usually because of hair. Drain cleaner will loosen the gunk inbetween the hair and allow water to seep through, but the drain will clog again soon. It is better to remove the hair mechanically with a small snake. They make little ones that can be inserted without removing the drain cover/cap. The snake should cost $20 or less. Using it is quick and easy: insert, twist a few times, and pull out. Repeat a couple of times until most of the hair is gone.
Is it safe to spray herbicide on the bark of a tree if you don't get it on the leaves? I've got a bunch of poison ivy growing up a tree. I'd like to kill the poison ivy, but obviously not the tree it is growing on. It is just about impossible to spray the ivy without hitting the tree, but I was curious as to whether it will harm the tree if I just get it on the bark and not the leaves. I realize it is probably safest not to do this at all, but I was just curious how these herbicides work.
Is it safe to spray herbicide on the bark of a tree if you don't get it on the leaves? One method that I've heard of but haven't tried myself is to cut the vine and apply herbicide directly to the cut. That way you minimize collateral damage.
How do you protect solar panels from hail? Saw another question on solar panels and it reminded me of one big thing that always made me hesitant to consider them. We get several hail storms each year and having an expensive glass covered(?) panel facing almost straight up seems like it is asking for trouble. How do people who have solar panels mitigate this risk?
How do you protect solar panels from hail? A can of Coke or Pepsi. Pour a can (or two) down the drain and let it sit overnight.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? I used the extra strength roundup to kill the weeds. Now I have brown weeds that are still rooted in the soil between the paver stones in my driveway. I've been scraping the weeds and moss out with a screw driver but, darn, that's a tedious job. I'm hesitant to power wash them away because I don't want to disrupt the sand and risk the paver stones coming lose. If I were laying this driveway from scratch I'd use polymeric sand to prevent the weeds from popping up, but alas, the previous home owner was very shortsighted.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? I'd seal it with a little cement mixed with sand, about a 1:4 ratio. Choose a dry day, brush in thoroughly, then sprinkle with a very very fine shower of water.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? Scrape, then sand the wood well. You don't need to remove every last trace of old paint, but if you leave too much behind the new paint is liable to crack and flake quite quickly, especially if it's outside and the old paint isn't particularly clean. I like to use a Skarsten scraper for this, there's plenty of alternative options, but I'd recommend leaving a power sander until last. If you're renovating an old sash window and really want it to last, take the sashes out, remove the glass, and get them stripped. It's not so hard to re-glaze a window, smoothing the putty so it's neat is really very relaxing. Then prime. I like to use a good quality aluminium-based primer, you can't afford to scrimp on this as it's the primer that really stops the weather getting to the wood. Use two coats, three if you're by the coast or have extreme weather where you live. Undercoat next. Perhaps I'm a sucker for marketing ploys by manufacturers but I choose an undercoat from the same supplier and range as the top coat I'm going to use. A family member used to work in the paint business and they spend a great deal of time making sure the chemistry of the two components match. Finally, top coat. Two coats, again, gives a proper depth of colour. Last of all, keep a careful eye on the wood when you clean the windows. It really pays to make sure that the corners and the joints are sound, and if necessary a little touch-up each autumn helps.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? Smaller panels are one way to go; see this article Hail Damage and your Solar Panels: If you decide to install photovoltaic modules and worry about hail damage, there are a couple of things to consider. One of the most important concerns the size of the modules. If the region you live in is subject to frequent or serious hail storms, smaller modules are easier and less costly to replace. Also if a large module sustains damage, it will seriously reduce the power output, or even cause the system to fail completely. The drawback with using smaller modules is that they are often more expensive to install. But of course there is not much that would withstand very large size hail but then your home insurance should cover the damage (just like the damage that would happen to your car and/or house during one of those hail storms). I do not think it is very expensive to get your solar panels added onto your home insurance policy (if they are not covered already). See this answer too: Do roof solar panels and hail mix?
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? You have two options: use tandem breakers Install a sub panel There are caveats with both routes. When using tandem breakers on a 120 volt system (i.e. with a neutral present), you want to avoid something that is called a multifeed. This is, two circuits on the same phase sharing the same neutral. When using tandem breakers, its very easy to inadvertently do this. If you are in the US, you will see two feeders from the meter, one of them probably has some red tape on it, the other is black. These are your phases. Normally, every other breaker is on a different phase, but tandem breakers put both circuits on the same. Take care that both circuits attached to a tandem have their own neutral (white wire). While you might be able to install a tandem breaker yourself (I highly recommend calling a qualified professional), you will surely want an electrician to install a sub panel. They aren't much different from a regular panel except: Ground and neutral conductors are isolated, not bonded on sub panels You want to watch your loads You'll want to be careful about where you place the breaker that feeds a sub panel, so that you don't develop a hot spot on the main panel bus. For instance, you don't want a 100 amp sub panel breaker right in the middle of a water heater and an air conditioner. In either case, I really recommend calling an electrician.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? I highly recommend using Wiremold for this kind of project, but it depends on the aesthetics that you are going for. 1/2" EMT when bent properly gives a really neat look on exposed brick. Using a pipe bender takes a bit of skill and practice, but can be an art form on it's own. I really don't like the idea of channeling into brick (or block) because: It never looks the same again, even when you paint it It weakens interior walls, which might be more prone to crumbling / falling in an earthquake prone region than they otherwise would. 500 series Wiremold should be all you need to do the job.
Roof Showing Some Dipping I recently walked my roof. There are some low spots, like little depressions. What causes this and should I be concerned? It seems that the plywood underneath is good but it seems like the underlayment has degraded. Is this normal?
How can I make my sink smell better? My sink has a tendency to smell awful. A few times I've poored a lemon juice & baking soda mixture down it, but it only reduces the smell for a few days. What are some longer term solutions to this problem? The smell isn't taking over the kitchen, but it's a real nuisance for someone trying to do the dishes.
How can I make my sink smell better? I use a combination of: Salt Vinegar Hot Water Dish Soap Over time, drains do begin to smell. There may be nothing blocking the drain, just some month old grease residue and remnants of the rest of the stuff that tends to go down the drain. Mix about 1/2 gallon of it together, with the following quantities: 1 cup vinegar 1/2 cup table salt (not coarse!!) Enough soap to make it "sudsy" Pour it down the drain and let it sit in the trap for 10 - 15 minutes, then flush with more hot water. I do that about once / monthly and it keeps the odor down rather well.
How can I make my sink smell better? Does it smell like sewer gas? If so, the sink trap is probably incorrectly installed, or more likely, the drain on an adjacent sink or dishwasher isn't properly vented. A "vent" is a portion of drain tube that lets air into the pipe to replace the water flowing downward. If there is no easy way to draw the air into the pipe (usually the vent just goes up to the roof and draws air from outside) then the water from other nearby traps can be suctioned down the drain as well. Without water in trap, sewer gas is free to come up the drain and make you want to move to a condo. To check the problem, run the dishwasher or wait until the stink appears. Then get under the sink (with a bucket!) and take off the trap for the sink that smells. This can usually be done without tools since it's usually a threaded plastic pipe. Check that the trap is full. If it's completely full than all this advice is moot: listen to some other commenter. If it's not full, then the best thing to do is to fix the drain properly. If that's too difficult or too expensive, you can install a "cheater valve" right before the trap. They're officially called "air admittance valves" but nobody will know what you mean if you say that. :) They are one-way air valves that make it easier for an improperly vented drain to draw air through THEM rather than sucking out the water from the trap. They're often used in island sinks where it's impossible to get a proper vent.
What's the best way to seal around this faucet? This faucet is not hooked up to a live pipe, but it still sticks out the side of my 110 year old house. The siding is fiber cement containing asbestos (and no, I'm not worried about working with it). What's the best way to seal it up so water can't get in the house? There is some expanding foam insulation inside the house around the pipe where it leaves the house already.
What's the best way to seal around this faucet? I like clear silicone caulk for this kind of job. It will remain flexible after curing, so if the pipe gets bumped or moved around it won't break or crack like expanding foam. And the clear caulk won't stand out since it cures to a translucent light grey color which is similar to the siding.
Conservatory Roof Our conservatory roof is made from Everlite. The problem we have is that where the roof runs into the drain is constantly filling up with soil, stones and moss. I have no idea where it's all coming from, but my question is: is there a way to prevent this? It's very difficult to properly clear out the gap (as it's note very big), and the clogging causes the water to back up on the roof.
What's the best strategy to reduce moisture in this garage? First of all, I know this garage will never be dry. It's a standalone, one car garage built into the side of the hill that my house sits on. It abuts the neighbor's yard, and they have landscaping and flowers they frequently water. My neighbor even says the garage gets more water in it when they water a lot. The garage has a rubber roof with two gutters that do not effectively drain water. The aluminum edging is not sealed to the rubber, so I'm guessing most water goes straight down instead of into the gutter. There is brush cover on all 3 sides of the garage. Inside is a concrete floor with some cracks. The walls are unsealed cinder block. Even though it has been dry, you can see how much moisture is here. Should I try and seal the walls with DRYLOK? My ultimate goal in drying this out is to build a small climbing wall in the garage. It will be 2x4 frame with plywood. I don't mind if it's humid, but I'd prefer that it not smell strongly of mildew. I don't want the wood to rot from moisture. Plan of attack and open questions: I have considered digging a trench around the perimeter and installing a simple drain tile system. Is this worthwhile? How deep should I go? DRYLOK the walls? Obviously, fix the gutter system and roof. Anything else I should do?
What's the best strategy to reduce moisture in this garage? A liquid enzyme drain cleaner will remove the residue that is likely causing the odor.
How far away must a woodstove be from walls? I'm thinking of installing a woodstove in my cabin. How far away must I install it from the walls (which are surfaced with wood planks)? Should I cover the nearby walls with bricks? Is there any other surface which would be better (I have seen sheet metal used in some places)?
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? We had a leak from our water storage tank and in order to replace the platform that the tank was on, I disconnected all the pipes from the tank. There are three 22mm pipes that connect at low levels, and one 15mm pipe that feeds the tank near the top. Now that I've removed the pipes, I am worried that the compression joints on these will not seal properly when I connect them again. What can I do to help improve the chances of making them watertight?
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? I would suggest getting a piece of fiber cement board and covering it in a heat resistant clay wall tile. You can screw the fiber board to the wall prior to tiling so there are no obvious fixings.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? I guess the answer is "yes, you can"; but be careful and gentle. Compression joints work by compressing the olive (like a finger/wedding ring) onto the pipe with the nut that covers it. Too tight and it deforms and leaks, not tight enough and it leaks due to a poor seal as a result of insufficient compression. When re-sealing one of these, you have to get the nut ever so slightly tighter than it was before, without deforming the pipe. Liberal application of compound and PTFE over and behind the olive will help to make up for the minute differences in how it was sealed before. I've done this on a number of the pipes in the two storage tanks and so far no leaks. We'll be checking for drips on an ever decreasing frequency starting every few hours and then to once a day, then every week until we're comfortable all is well.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? In the US, there should be a 36" clearance between any point on the stove and any point on a combustible wall. Shielding should be mounted on non-combustible spacers which allow air circulation behind the shield. UL-listed stoves with attached heat shields may be installed with less clearance according to manufacturer's specifications (you should consult their documentation before purchase). Reference
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? It's important to make sure that the olive fits exactly square on to the fitting and is completely clean. Any trace of dirt and you're likely to prevent a proper seal. I'd not advise using PTFE thread-sealing tape over the olive itself, rather over the thread to which the nut is connecting.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? If this were my wall: I'd pay the $30 to have an engineer remove the towel rail and fit service valves to the pipework. Then you can take it off, replace it, or what-have-you whenever you want without worrying about the upstairs neighbour. Mention to the plumber that you'll be re-plastering and re-tiling so the service valve is properly proud of the wall. Then, with the towel rail off, get someone in to plaster it. (Don't try plastering yourself unless you do it for a living, it's much harder than the fellow you'll get in will make it look.) Then tile away. A smaller tile means you can generally get away with really quite big imperfections, a wall that's a couple of inches off true at the top should be fine. (See here for more on that.)
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? I'd agree with @Jeremy about paying a one off $30 to remove the towel rail and fit service values. However, from there you could batten the wall and fix Aquapanel to the batten to get a vertical and flat surface to tile on to. This is a job you can do yourself. I did this for a "wet zone" walk in shower and it resulted in an excellent tiling surface. You will lose 12mm + batten depth + tile depth from the width/length of the room. Though on re-reading your comments about the state of the wall, it might not be suitable for holding the battens and/or weight of the Aquapanel which is quite heavy.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? Anybody that's ever watched a concrete skyscraper go up in New York knows that you can reuse lumber forms again and again. Typically they'll have two complete sets of forms, one which ends up being used for the concrete structure on odd-numbered floors, and another which is used for the even-numbered floors. While the concrete is setting on, say, floor 17, they are removing the forms from floor 16 and hoisting them up to use floor 18.
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? I'm planning on putting a bathrobe/extra towel hook on the back of my bathroom door, but I'm pretty sure it's hollow wood. Can I just use the standard screws that come with the hook kit, or do I need something else?
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? You'll need hollow door fixings - something like these Expanding wings grip securely in hollow doors, thin skin partitions, plywood and fibreglass. Ideal for the home, boat and caravan.
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? Half a lemon ground up in the garbeurator works wonders for smelly kitchen sinks.
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? To remove grease, I use vinegar. I keep a spray bottle of it handy. Many people dilute 50/50 with water, but I don't. To remove burnt-on food, I use baking soda and water. It has to be really black, not brown. The baking soda reacts with the black stuff and flakes it off. To spot-clean, I mix a paste and keep it moist for a day. If the whole oven is dirty, I mix a few tablespoons of baking soda in a spray bottle of water. A couple times each day, in a clean oven, I spray it on all surfaces lightly. Not enough to bead up and drip, but just enough to keep everything moist and get baking soda everywhere. Then when I'm ready, I spray with vinegar and wipe. It reacts with the baking soda and breaks things up. It also cuts the grease.
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? It seems that our house tends to drain water very slowly. The bathroom sink could probably overflow if the water was left on, the bathtub also seems to take a while. Even the kitchen sink seems to drain slowly (though turning on the garbage disposal seems to help). I've already poured Sulphuric acid down the bathtub, but that hasn't made much of a difference that I could tell. edit: We have public sewer
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? My initial thought is that the proper venting is not established is your plumbing system. You need to have "air behind water" to allow everything to drain properly. Essentially it is just a vent pipe that leads to your roof so that pressure does not build up and slow the draining of your sink/tub. Just like how you would punch two holes in the top of a juice can to allow it to poor smoothly... the second hole acts like a vent. Reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drain-waste-vent_system
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? I tried the screwdriver and chisel technique with some tiles in a flat in Brighton... and quickly gave up once I found there were three layers of tiles there! So I invested in a cheapish power chisel - like a hammer drill, only it doesn't go around - and finished the job in a weekend. If you go this route, it's definitely worth buying ear defenders and a good strong set of goggles as tile chips are sharp. I used my chainsaw helmet and got a couple of dings in it.
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? A portable workbench: I use my Workmate all the time:
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? Try something like Draino or Liquid Plumr - both are alkaline bases, which may dissolve a clog that an acid won't. For the tub especially, you may want to try just taking off the cover (if there is one) and looking to see if there is hair or something blocking it - it is easiest just to remove the stuff you can manually, then put a drain clog remover down. If it's a worse clog, you can try using a snake, like this or this one. I'm going on the assumption that it's not the entire house that's a problem here, but it could be your main line clogged (though you'd also be having problems with toilets, in that case).
Fast, easy and simple construction of a log store We've just bought a whopping great log burner, and so our thoughts have turned to keeping it fed over the winter. I've plenty of ash trees, some beech, and an old sycamore that over the last couple of years have provided logs, but they're scattered around the garden slowly rotting. Before they become completely unusable I'd like to dry them (and the good logs) out under cover. I've space down at the bottom of our property that's sheltered under trees so I'm going to build a wood store there and over-winter logs for next autumn. I don't want to make a drama of this and make something elegant and beautiful, not least as the space I've in mind is tucked away in a copse and therefore invisible! So I was just going to get some treated 3x3 fence posts, some pre-built fence panels, and roof over with ply and roofing felt. I'll most likely create a raised "floor" of longish bits of old timber propped up on old bricks. The front will be left open and I'll most likely leave the rear apex of the roof open too so everything can breathe but is dry. Would this work? Any suggestions, in particular for making sure the edifice is properly fixed to the ground?
Fast, easy and simple construction of a log store I think you're going to have a lot of problems trying to prevent water/moisture in this garage. As you say, improving the gutters is a good first step. It's likely that there is no drainage system around the foundation of this garage, so that is going to cause some trouble. You may be able to mitigate some of the ground water by putting a french drain around the outside, and draining it off to the side somewhere away from the garage. It doesn't need to be too deep (6" is probably enough), but there should be a gravel bed wide enough that any of the water that would drain around the walls is diverted (remember, water will follow the path of least resistance). Ultimately, despite drainage, you're going to have problems with condensation. As the warm humid air meets the cool foundation, it's going to form condensation on the walls. This is unavoidable, since it is a garage and has a giant opening to the outside. If you build the frame around the inside in such a way that there is still air flow for drying, you may be able to reduce the effect though and at least somewhat prevent the smell. Definitely use pressure treated wood for everything here.
Fast, easy and simple construction of a log store I have done work with this company before: http://www.mrtimbers.com/ ..they reclaim old barn timbers and turn a lot of them in to flooring. It is usually 100-200 year old Douglas Fir in our area (upper mid-west) and it is authentic and looks old and beautiful. My suggestion would be to find a company like that in your area.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? Since this is a small wall, I do not wish to buy any expensive tools. seems they used some mortar. I failed when trying to use nothing but a small (nail) hammer. Any tricks?
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? A lump hammer should do the job. If that doesn't knock the bricks off you might need to use a masonry chisel as well. You want to choose a wide bladed one and attack the mortar.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? A masonry chisel and drilling hammer should probably do the trick.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? It sounds like you already purchased a hook, but I can recommend 3M Command products. They use a removable, non-damaging adhesive strip.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? I've had luck using a sledge hammer in similar circumstances. You'd be surprised how many problems in life have "use a sledge hammer" as the correct answer.   ________ |        | |________|    |  |    |  |    |  |    |  |    |__|
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? See if you can get hold of a big heavy hammer. You will most likely need a masonry chisel too, not least as if the mortar is hard it will be quite tricky to remove from underneath the bottom course of bricks. This is the kind of "occasional" job where it's handy to know someone (friend? family) who you can lend you the tools for the weekend. Or, hire them.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? You could easily use something like this.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? Since all of your drains are slow, you could have blocked or broken connection to the sewer system. There are companies you can hire that will come in and put a camera down the drain pipe so you can see blockages or breaks. It's been quite awhile since I had it done, so I can't remember exactly what it cost, but it seems like it was $200-$300.
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair I have a 10 month old puppy who recently discovered her (apparent) love for the taste of wood putty. There was a rather large knot hole that had been plugged and finished in our living room floor that she spent considerable time chewing out. So now what we have is a about a 1/4in deep knot hole surrounded by deep scratches from where her teeth dug in. What is the best option for repair? The guy at my local hardware store recommended sanding the area out, building it back up with putty, and then restaining. I do have several cans of the original stain/varnish so I'm hoping to get a pretty close match. Please help!
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair In the past, I've used lattice layed over a 2x4 frame as a floor. This works well to get some ventilation from the bottom. I've also used lattice on the sides as well. Don't worry too much about keeping the logs perfectly dry. What you want is good airflow so that any surface moisture can dry quickly. You probably also want to think about having a few sections, so that you can add new wood to one section, and take older seasoned wood from a different section. I've also heard about people just nailing together four pallets to make a three sided box. If you have a tractor with pallet forks, this also makes it easy to move wood next to the house as needed.
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair A Barrier-Free Water Dam might be an option. They allow the user to simply roll over them, then they spring back to their original shape and contain the water to the shower.
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair One option is to replace the board. You would need to: Cut out the old board. Find a board that matches the type and grain of the rest of the floor Install the new board. Stain it to match. Buy your dog a chew toy. :) UPDATE You can remove most of the old board by: Cutting it out with a circular saw. Using a hammer and chisel (or even a flathead screwdriver) to chip out the ends. Chisel out the old tongue from the groove in one of the boards still in the floor. To fasten the new board: I would apply a liberal amount of would glue to the subfloor. Slide the tongue of the new board down into the old groove (that you chiseled out). Put a few face nails in the new board. Fill and sand the nail holes.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? I am replacing a old Garden window with a new "flat" window. I was given a quote for "Retrofit" option, and then a $400 more for a "new construction" option. I have Stucco wall I understand that with a retrofit they need to put a Z-bar, and with new construction there is more breaking of the outside stucco. But that is all I understand. Is it worth it or not to pay $400 extra for new constructions? why would I and why shouldn't I ? If picture will help, let me know.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? The major difference between a new construction and retrofit window is the way the new window frame is attached to the house. To install a new construction window the installer will have to chip away the original stucco, cut away some interior drywall, remove the window, remove the paper backing behind the stucco, and then once the new window is in ensure the window is properly flashed and re-wrapped properly to ensure everything is watertight. After that, they will patch the stucco which was removed to perform the window install. In a retrofit install, the windows include a Z-bar or Flush fin which which allows the installer to cut down and reuse the existing window frame to mount the retrofit window frame to. The flush fin (Z-bar) covers the gap between the inside of the existing frame and the exterior of the replacement window and allows you to simply install the window from outside rather than tearing out the exterior stucco and interior drywall. If your original windows were installed correctly and aren't leaking the retrofit windows would be the way to go in my opinion. You will lose a tiny bit of window viewing area using the retrofits, but the install time will be much faster (and of course much less expensive) and there's no worry about tearing up the inside and outside of your house. I've never seen patched stucco that looks totally right either. The energy savings will be there regardless of the installation method you choose.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? I was warned by several people to not use fiberglass tape when finishing drywall. The fiberglass mesh tape is more likely to allow cracks to form over time because it is not as strong as paper tape.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? If for some crazy reason a simple sledge or hammer/chisel doesn't take that down you can rent a small electric jackhammer at Home Depot, et al which would make quick work of that planter box.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? There are many options for running data cabling on the exterior of a wall. Basically it sounds like your options are limited to some type of surface-run raceway or conduit. If you're set on surface mounted raceways I would honestly look at the stuff made by Panduit - everything I've used from Wiremold (generally what you find at home improvement stores) is pretty ugly imho. It all boils down to cost and aesthetics. Personally I think using EMT would look the best for running on the exterior of a brick wall (I love the industrial/exposed services look), but there are many other types of raceways and cable trays you could use. However if you're penetrating through a slab (running between floors) or any kind of fire barrier - you'll need to ensure whatever you're using is code compliant for running through a fire break. EMT would be code compliant - unsure about any other cabling raceway types... but every commercial building I've ever worked in uses EMT to run wiring between floors.
What is the recommended technique for refinishing hardwood floors I have old hardwood floors in my home that I'd like to refinish myself. I'm ok with all sorts of manual labor, but I'd like to know the preferred method for refinishing them without damaging my walls or baseboards.
What is the recommended technique for refinishing hardwood floors Rent a drum sander, but practice in an out-of-the-way area first! You can easily sand grooves into your floor. With the drum sander you should be able to get within a few inches of the baseboards, then you'll need to use some type of hand sander.
What is the recommended technique for refinishing hardwood floors There are devices called gutter guards that allow the water to enter the gutter/drain but the debris continues over the gutter and off the edge of the roof. Not sure if you could get one of those for your conservatory roof but you might try looking into them.
Are SharkBite plumbing connectors as reliable as soldered connectors? Are SharkBite plumbing connectors as reliable as soldered connectors?
How do I clean my jetted whirlpool tub? The master bath of our new house has a jetted whirlpool tub. We haven't used it yet, since the previous owners were, um, lacking hygiene. Is there a good way to clean it out without taking the whole thing apart? I've heard that some people use dish detergent, but then I've heard elsewhere that this can cause residue buildup inside the jets and tubing. Is there a good cleaning product made specifically for jetted tubs out there that doesn't cost an arm and a leg? Does anyone have experience they can share?
Should I supporting a load via anchors in brick or mortar? I'm attempting to hang window flower boxes (a metal frame with a moss/fabric insert, filled with dirt/flowers/water for a total weight of about 15 lbs) on a brick wall. An example of a similar metal frame can be seen below (found at http://www.vintagetub.com/asp/product_detail.asp?item_no=B-30&utm_id=IDK14&cvsfa=1353&cvsfe=2&cvsfhu=3439353934): The specific box I have has two vertical support beams towards each end with a common vertical set of holes on a each of these that will slip over the head of screws that are firmly anchored into a wall. I've got two concerns: Can I support this load via screws only in the mortar or do I need to drill the brick? (A mortar repair is easier and more sightly than holes in brick if I ever take this down, since it's on the side of a garage - i.e. a large uniform brick surface - instead of directly under a window where the holes might go unnoticed.) If mortar alone will support the expected load, would using only the top two screws suffice? (I'd suspect not.) The distance between the holes in the box is not the same as the height of the brick, so at best I could only get 3 of the holes (two in a horizontal line of mortar, and one in a vertical line) used without drilling brick or coming up with some other way to fasten the box to the wall. I'd appreciate any thoughts at all on the matter!
Should I supporting a load via anchors in brick or mortar? Belt-style floor sanders were current years ago, but more recently the best bet is a random-orbit style sander like the Varathane ezV sander. The random-orbit sanders don't have nearly the risk of grooving that the belt sanders do, and these ones also have a built-in vaccuum which collects a large portion of the dust, unlike the sanders of my childhood. I've sanded both floors of my house using that system; each floor took about a 3-day weekend start to finish using a process similar to this one. I did find that I needed to use a hand-held belt sander for the edges, and since our floors are not all that even we used it to get the existing finish out of some of the deeper spots in the floor as well. If you pull out your trim and use some care you should be able to get right to the edges without having to do more than touch up the paint on the trim. We just used the water-based polyurethane and have been quite happy with the results, but it's absolutely worth it to put down as many coats as you can - we ended up doing 4.
Can I use a 50 Hz device in a 60 Hz power frequency? My mother in law just returned from Europe and brought me an espresso machine. It's rated 220v - 50 Hz (as written in the label), but the power system here is 220v - 60 Hz. Funny thing is that in the manufacturer website it says the model is actually 220v - 50/60 Hz. Question is: can I use it here? By searching the internet I found some people saying it wouldn't work, others saying it would work but damage the machine eventually, and even others saying that the frequency difference only affects clocks/timers. So I'm kinda confused. Should I try to use it?
What are some tips for installing laminate wood flooring? I'm about to install laminate wood flooring in our family room. The floor is concrete. Having not done this before what tools and tips can you all offer before I get started?
What are some tips for installing laminate wood flooring? The 60 Hz represents the frequency at which the voltage in the wire oscillates. Heating elements don't care about this, and neither do most electronic components as they turn this alternating current (AC) into constant (DC) direct current anyway. If this is an all-singing, all-dancing, computer controlled extra-fancy espresso machine then I'd steer clear, though, as there's a remote chance you've one of the few devices where the cycles-per-second makes a difference. If it just uses power to heat an element you should be fine. Disclaimer: operating the device outside of the region it's designed for will certainly void the warranty, and coffee in excess isn't good for you anyway.
How do I properly seal an exterior door? I've recently discovered that rain is getting in around my exterior (front) door and forming a little pool in the frame under the door. I'm assuming I can fix this by adding a seal around the door (which would also help with insulation too). Is this assumption correct, and if so what products would people recommend for the seal? EDIT: Sorry, I realise my question was ambiguous, or even completely ill-phrased. The gap in question is actually the gap between the door itself and the door frame within which it's hung. So there has to be some gap there, but it appears that the gap I have is too large or something and that is allowing rain in a bit (when it comes at a particular angle). I'll add some photos once it's light outside ;)
How do I properly seal an exterior door? I would not trust the manufacturer's website: there is a chance that the batch of coffee makers that yours came from was made with a different power supply or some other difference. Instead, look at the little sign that has model numbers, serial number, voltage, etc. If it says 220 V 50/60 Hz, then it's probably safe to use it in the US. If it says 220 V 50 Hz, it's more uncertain. Many components should work fine, but perhaps some may overheat, not work, or run at the wrong speed. If the alternative is to throw the machine in the garbage, I would try it (with a transformer in order to convert 110 V to 220 V) but unplug it when not in use. (P.S. Interesting tidbit: much of southern California used 50 Hz until 1948.)
How do I properly seal an exterior door? Pick up a kit like this from your local hardware store, it will include every thing you need. Make sure you measure the room and make sure the last row is not going to be a tiny sliver, it is better to start with a thinner first row than get to the end and realize you are going to have a really thin last row. Also be very careful when tapping the boards together, if you go to far you will chip/crush the board you are butting up to. When tapping the boards together be careful not to let the tapping block slip up, because that too will chip the plank. Oh and don't forget to remove any baseboards before you start, and then measure again without the base boards. When buying the underlay material make sure you get some that is made for concrete, you don't want moisture wicking up through the concrete into your new floor. It's also a good idea to pick up an extra box or two of flooring, it could save you a trip to the store in the middle of the project if you underestimated or damage some of the planks during install. You can always return any unopened boxes when your done. A miter saw is also very handy. EDIT: Be careful when tapping the planks into place, if you don't have weight on the floor or you are not using spacers the whole floor could shift and become crooked (I learned this the hard way). I was about halfway across the room when I realized the planks that I had previously installed were shifted, if I hadn't caught it I would have ended up with a very crooked floor.
How do I fix a shutoff valve that isn't opening? My dishwasher started leaking over the weekend. I turned off the water at the shutoff in the basement, it's a standard faucet type in the copper piping. I then replaced the rubber heater hose used to feed water to the dishwasher, which had sprung the leak. Trying to turn the water back on, I realized that the valve isn't opening. It turns repeated, and I've turned it many many times, but no water is flowing. Is it possible that while turning off the water I stripped the thread, broke a washer, etc, stopping it from opening? How can I fix this? Is it like a normal faucet that I can turn off the water to it, remove the packing nut, and replace the valve or whatever has broken underneath? The valve itself looks something like: http://i.ehow.com/images/a06/6q/tm/plumbing-water-stop-valve-installation-200X200.jpg http://www.brass-plumbing.com/productsimages/brassneedlevalve_95381.jpg Looking at those, what I'm wondering is if I can just remove the handle (which is broken anyway, I got a little rough), remove the packing not, emptying out the body, and replacing the contents with the header, nut, etc from a new valve. So I don't have to unsolder, the whole thing. Also, valve and shutoff are new tag, so I can't create them, but would probably be relevant.
How do I fix a shutoff valve that isn't opening? I've not used Shark Bite, but I have used other push fit connectors and as long as you make sure that you push the pipes firmly into the connectors they do the job they're intended for. I haven't had any leaks or other problems with them. Another advantage is that you can rotate the pipes and fittings once they're in place so if you have a tight or awkward space to work in you're less restricted. If you're not confident about your soldering skills then using compression or push fit connectors is probably a better idea as you can sort them out after the water's turned back on without necessarily having to drain the system again.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? My second in the line of "redoing a bathroom" questions. For our tub surround, my wife and I have picked out some very nice 16"x4" subway tiles, that we would like to arrange in a brick pattern. To surround the tile, and finish exposed edges, we have ordered some 16x4 bullnose. For example: However, in order to have a brick pattern, every other row will require a 16x4 tile to be cut in half, leaving an unfinished edge on the tile. I have noticed that the tile we picked out has a very slight roundness to the edges of the tile. Cutting the tile in half will cause a sharp corner where the cut tile butts up against the bullnose: The top is a full 16x4 viewed from the edge (notice the rounded top edge where it butts against the bullnose) whereas the bottom is the cut tile (notice the sharp corner where it butts against the bullnose). Now, in this image I have exaggerated the bevel on the top face of the tile, it is quite a bit more subtle than this. How is this typically handled? Is there a way to soften the sharp corner? Or is it typically not noticed?
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? The biggest issue I have run into is laying the transition strips on a concrete floor. The transition strips consist of a plastic or metal channel, that is attached to the floor, which the finishing piece snaps into. For concrete floors, it is usually recommended on the package that you use construction adhesive to attach the channel to the floor. I have found this to be quite unreliable, even when using adhesives meant for concrete. (over time, without fail, the channels have separated from the adhesive, it may be that I had plastic channels instead of metal). What worked for me is to use the adhesive, but also a hammer drill to install some small concrete screws to keep the channel attached to the floor.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? In my experience it's usually not noticed. You'll be grouting as well and unless you're very precise with the grout there'll be some variation with grout depth and width which will "even out" the effect.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? Depending on your siding material, it is possible that the door isn't properly flashed, or the existing flashing needs replacement/repair. If this is the case, I would recommend two things 1) using some expanding foam, fill (but dont over fill!) the void between the door frame and the surrounding studs. 2) Properly flash around the door to make sure water can't get behind the door frame. Depending on the flashing material used, this may involve some caulk to seal the flashing (though peel and stick flashing won't require any caulk, and is quite easy to work with). I am going to leave the info about the flashing, as it might be helpful to others, but in regards to your re-worded question- Depending on where the water is coming in, you might need to either replace the rubber gasket/seal that fits to the outside of the door stop (if water is coming in on the sides/top of the door) or you may need to replace the door sweep (the rubber or bristle bit that hangs down from the bottom of the door itself, and seals everything shut when the door closes).
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? From the way you describe it, it sounds like it's a regular gate valve. You might be able to repair it as you describe by removing the packing nut and replacing whatever is broken or stripped out inside. The only exception to that would be a ball type valve, but those will just have a handle that makes only a 1/4 turn. Those generally aren't repairable, but then again they almost never fail either. Personally, I would just remove and replace the gate valve with a good ball valve. Gate valves have a tendency to rot out or seize up from lack of use. I actually had one once that disintegrated in my hand when I tried to turn it off (spraying water everywhere and making a nice mess). Ball valves are just much more reliable.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? Were the previous owners kind enough to leave the instruction manual for the tub? If not, you may be able to look up the model online, and get a copy. The last jetted tub I had experience with, had removable jets, which could be placed in the dishwasher (as per the instruction manual). In order to clean out the tubing, we would fill the tub, and add 1-1.5 cups of bleach, then run the jets for a good 20-30 minutes, drain the tub, refill with clean water, and run for another 5-10 minutes. It was amazing how much "ick" came out, and with the bleach you don't have to worry about buildup. If the previous homeowners were as you say, lacking hygiene, you may want to repeat this process a few times.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? With only 15lbs, two screws (one on each side) ought to do just fine. Just drill into the mortar with a hammer drill and an appropriately sized bit, then use either a sleeve type anchor with the screws, or you could just use a couple tapcon type screws as well.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? Having done this a few times before, I'd like to stress the importance of crayons -- they come in lots of contrasting colors, so you can see them easily, and they buff off so no one sees the marks when you're done. We found a 3-person crew was about right for working -- two people dealt with laying the full boards (one hammered while the other one made sure the board was pressed down to seat into the previous one, and to tell the hammering person how much further they had to go), and the third person was responsible for marking and cutting boards at the end of the run. We tried one person marking, and one cutting, but I found that people mark differently. (cut on the line? a little over the line? How much slop did you leave, etc?) It was just easier to have the person marking being the same person cutting & laying that board, so they knew how to adjust their markings. As you want to use the slot side for the block to hit against, at the end of the run you'll want a piece with a tab-end; to mark it, do the following: Finish the run of boards until you can't fit another full board. Place a full board on top of the gap, with the tab side towards the wall (ie, backwards from how you'll be installing it). Mark with your crayon where the board overlaps the last board in the run. Take the board to your saw, draw a line w/ a crayon and speed square, and cut. After 1-2 boards, you'll figure out how much of a gap you're getting from drawing your lines; you basically want just enough to drop the board in, and get the little metal pulling bar in there. Once you pull the board into place, you'll have a good 1cm gap because of the space to get the bar in plus the length of the tab/slot joining up. If you're reading with corners and more complex obstructions, I tended to go with the following order: Rip the boards if it's part of the starting run. (doing them all at once, so I set the rip fence once, and they'd all match up). Cut the boards to length. Ripe the board if it's going against the ending wall. (our room wasn't square, so I had to taper the boards slightly) Determine any other wall obstructions (eg, corners because I'm trying to get into an alcove), and cut to fit. Mark & cut any other obstructions (pipes for sinks & radiators, in my case.) As you work, you'll get tired, and start rushing, being more likely to hit the boards harder, or take shortcuts (like using the metal bar against a slotted side; if you really have to as you get up against the wall, put the plastic block down first, then use the metal bar on the plastic block; the metal bar should only be used on a cut end, and even then, you don't want to slam it very hard, or you will splinter the wood.) We also had a few blemished boards in the pack, so as the two laying the full boards found 'em, they'd mark them with crayon, and I'd try to use them for where I needed cut boards. (or the ones they mangled because John was rushing too much, and he'd mark which edge was damaged).
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? MarkD mentioned bleach and removing the jets. If there are hard water stains you could also try vinegar, just not at the same time.
Fixing Curling Vinyl Flooring I have vinyl flooring in the bathroom that has started to curl up a bit at the edge. It was suggested to me that I use contact cement to fix it. The problem is that there is not enough curl to allow space for me to get at the sub floor or the underside of the vinyl flooring in order to apply the cement. Do I need to rip up more of the floor to expose enough surface area? If so, how can I do that in a controlled manner?
Fixing Curling Vinyl Flooring One option would be to install quarter round next to the baseboards. If the edge has barely started curling up, this would hold it down. Otherwise, yes you will have to peel the vinyl back to apply adhesive to it. One method to make the floor a bit more pliable is to use a hairdryer to heat it up. Just make sure you don't overheat it too much. Before applying the new adhesive, you may have to scrape off some of the old adhesive, and clean off any resulting debris. Here's a good article with more details: Link
Laminate flooring edging I've installed some laminate flooring, and am coming to do the edging. I'm aware that I can't fix the edging to the floor itself, but to the wall. However, the wall is just brick. I've tried using PVA and even silicone, but it's very difficult to get it to actually stay on the wall. Does anyone have any suggestions as to something else I could use to fix the edging in place?
Laminate flooring edging Are you in the US? If so our household current is ~110V 60Hz unless you are using a special purpose outlet which are often used for air conditioners or electric oven/stoves and has a different plug/outlet which supply ~220V 60Hz. The ac frequency is unlikely to matter, but using the lower voltage is unlikely to work, also unlikely to damage anything.
Laminate flooring edging All you need is a step up/step down transformer. It will convert 110v 60hz to 220v 50hz and vice versa. I used to get electronics from Japan and had to buy a transformer to make my Famicom work in the US :) Just FYI - the step up transformer purchased 15+ years ago for that purpose is still being used in my mother's house. Something like this would work EDIT: actually too small for an espresso machine Probably more like this
Laminate flooring edging You need a heavy duty construction adhesive. PL, Loctite Power Grab, Liquid Nails, etc. PL makes a trim adhesive that should work well on that brick - it sets up kind of slow but once it gets set up it will stick that trim to brick just fine.
Laminate flooring edging Hosestly the moss might give the driveway a neat look depending on the age and style of the neighborhood. But if it's a newer house it night looks very poor. And well weeds never look good in a driveway. If it were me I would just go ahead with the power washer and blow it all away. Then when your done have at it with the polymeric sand. This will cover over everything and seal it up.
Laminate flooring edging They do make a chemical just for poison ivy but I'm not really sure what else it kills. Beyond that you could try to treat some of the leaves with it and slowly kill it. I had to do this with some trumpet vine growing in with some roses, it worked but it took a while. Cont forget to wear some sort of disposable glove too, that way you can touch the ivy and not get it! Nasty stuff.
Laminate flooring edging I'm answering my own question here - maybe and admin can move this as a comment to my original question: I did some more research on how to detect and clear blockage in central vac system. I disconnected the vac bucket from the unit and then used a regular vacuum at each outlet. At one of them, a huge amount of debris came out, including a "fabric softener" sheet and some other bits of dirt. This must have clogged the system enough to drastically reduce suction. The change in power is unbelievable. Certainly more powerful suction now than my regular vacuum.
Laminate flooring edging I've done this myself in the past, and other than what's already been posted I can only offer three pieces of advice: Measure carefully (and make sure that you remember to stagger the boards). Leave an expansion gap around the edges. Get a jigsaw and workbench if you don't have one. I spent far too much time sawing!
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? Since removing all pipes from our loft storage tank in order to replace the deck it was on and had soaked, I've successfully reconnected everything and fixed the leak in the tank. But now the water pressure from cold water taps upstairs is much less than it used to be. Could there be a bubble in the pipes now? Do I need to flush that out somehow? I should add, for the troubleshooters, that the tank is in exactly the same place as before, with the same pipes (unmodified) and as high as it was before. I replaced the boards that made the "deck" and reconnected the same pipes. The tank is as full as it was before (a lot of water in there).
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? Given that the tank position etc. is the same the most likely explanation is that you have a blockage or narrowing somewhere in the pipes - probably from some sediment you dislodged while removing the tank. Is it just one tap, all the upstairs taps or are the kitchen taps also affected? If it's the latter then the obstruction will be nearer the tank before the pipes split. If it's the former then the obstruction will be after the split or (more likely) at the tap itself. If there's nothing blocking the affected tap(s) then you will need to flush the system somehow, but it will depend on what's causing the obstruction. You might be able to clear it by emptying the tank again, leaving the taps open and then using a hosepipe to force water through the pipes - but if it's a piece of grit this won't really help.
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? You might try disassembling the tap in question - it could be that something from the tank is now lodged in the tap itself (either in the valve, or in the spout). It might be further upstream, but I'd start with the tap.
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? They make Internet Controlled Thermostats already. I would start with one of those, and then just build an interface for your phone that will interact with the device through the web.
Can you paint a popcorn ceiling? My guess is that a paint sprayer might be easiest, but are the other ways that won't remove the popcorn?
Can you paint a popcorn ceiling? Like you said, a paint sprayer would be easiest, but you can do it with a roller as well: Use a foam roller. Thin the paint out a bit, say 80/20 paint/water or so. Roll in one direction only - if you roll back and forth you'll likely knock off the popcorn. If one "roll" doesn't cover it, just put on another coat after the first one dries. Be gentle with the roller!
Can you paint a popcorn ceiling? You can use a really thick-napped (1" nap) roller, but make sure to go very slow, or you will fling paint everywhere.
What is the best way to uncover weeping holes? We just bought a house where an old man lived for 27years. When he built the place, I doubt that he had any idea that the voids in the brick were weeping holes. I would like to fix them, but I'm not sure the best way to do it without hurting the bricks.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? I live in Houston, TX (Very Hot, Very Humid). In the summertime, my dryer is dripping with water, when not in use. I do not have overly excessive drying times. My dryer is vented via an unfortunate run of over 25 feet with two elbows. It exhausts through the roof. Dryer is in the center of the first floor, so the vent goes up to the second floor, runs through the ceiling/floor, comes out in an attic and through the roof. The attic is unfinished, with temps well over 120F on an average summer day in Houston. My guess is that I have hot moist air pouring down my dryer duct, hitting my nice cool air conditioned dryer and condensating. Initial google searches have pointed me at the Fantech DBF110 which is a booster fan that you install on your duct run. I'm not certain this is going to solve my problem, as it doesn't run constantly, only when the dryer is running. Would I get more bang for my buck by insulating the duct and trying to seal it up? Any recommendations on materials if that's the case (thermal blanket, just wrap fiberglass, other)? Update: As Eric suspected, I didn't have a working flap on my dryer vent. So I bought one and gave it a test run and I wasn't happy with how little the flap opened from the pressure on the dryer. So, I installed the booster fan as suggested by Doresoom as well. We had a few hot humid days after that, dryer stayed dry. My clothes drying times are pretty low too, 30-45 mins. Fan pic is before I cleaned up the electrical, looks a little neater now. The ideal install for that fan is with the bracket on a stud, unfortunately there was no good way to attach a stud and avoid cutting a new hole in the roof. Luckily the fan is pretty light.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? Usually a dryer vent will have a spring loaded flap where it exits the house to prevent outside air (and bugs, rodents, etc) from coming in through the pipe. If you are getting airflow from outside through your vent pipe, it sounds like either you don't have one or it isn't closing. I would check that first.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? Depending on the type of duct you have, 25 feet and two elbows may be near or over the length limit for dryer vents without a booster fan. This website lists the limits.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? The previous owner of my house did some remodeling and did not do a good job of containing the drywall dust. The furnace and ducts were full of it. I had everything cleaned and now there seems to be less dust in the house and the temperature coming out of the duct seems to be warmer for the heat and colder for the air conditioning. I would say it was worthwhile in my case.
Where can I find garage building plans? If I wanted to build a detached garage/workshop, where can I find complete, detailed plans? I'd like to be able to estimate building cost from a materials list. I'm not certain what style I'd want, so I'm open to suggestions. For sake of discussion, let's assume the main house structure is colonial or similar.
Where can I find garage building plans? I had a co-worker who removed his popcorn ceilings by sanding them down (I'm not sure if it was a drywall sander or just a big sander) and then repainting them. He didn't get them entirely smooth, so it looks like they were retextured.
Where can I find garage building plans? So far they seem to be just as reliable, although given that they've only been on the market for a few years they don't have the same history as soldered connections. Here in the UK almost all new-build houses use push-fit connectors for concealed work as it's much quicker and easier. You most likely do need to take extra care that the tube is perfectly round for an inch or so at the end, and that there's no bits of swarf, paint or other dirt there. Solder is good at filling in little gaps which push-fit connectors won't seal. On the other hand it's very easy to not heat a solder joint up enough to melt the solder properly, especially in confined spaces. Obviously, make sure you push them in firmly. Finally you don't really want to use them for exposed pipes, soldered joints are much neater.
Where can I find garage building plans? If the places where you want CAT5 are also places where you have existing CATV (RG-6/RG-58) or telephone cables, the answer is simple: Securely connect a fish tape to the old cable at the wall. Pull the old cable and feed the fish tape through the wall. Connect the new CAT5 cable and pull the fish tape back. If you've switched to VOIP or cell phones, you won't miss the old telephone wiring. If you do still need that land line or CATV cable, just connect both wires to the fish tape. It'll be a tighter fit but should be fine. Four tips on doing this: Tape is cheap. Overdo it. Lots of loops and use the tape to ensure there's nothing at the connection to the fish tape that can snag. Making a loop in the original cable is the best way to do it. Disconnect the old wiring at the network interface outside while working on it, for safety reasons. If you need to keep the old cable, use the opportunity to pull new wiring for it as well. Upgrade RG-58 to RG-6, upgrade old two-pair telephone wiring to another CAT5, etc. If you don't own a proper fish tape, buy one. It's a flat metal wire that's a breeze to feed through walls and won't break. Tried to use twine and other types of rope several times, lost a few cables in the middle of walls. Not fun.
Where can I find garage building plans? In order of increasing cost: This website has a few good plans for simple garages available at no cost. TodaysPlans looks like it has some good plans for free, but you have to get them through email. Mybackyardplans has a few for free, but they look to be low quality. This website has them starting around $70. JustGaragePlans has a wide range to pick from, but they're going to run $100+ per plan.
Where can I find garage building plans? Here are a few free ones I found through a Google search. Build a Single Garage Shell. Plan for a 16' X 22' Garage. 20' X 24' Garage. There seems to be a lot of sites that will supply you with plans for a fee. You may also be able to find blueprints of garages built in your city at the city clerks office, at least for garages built with permits (I think these are public record but I'm not sure). You could also try using software like Google Sketchup or other drawing software to create your own plans, if you go this route make sure to get your plans approved by the appropriate government offices.
Where can I find garage building plans? Yes, you have to use a segmented foam roller. I didn't have to thin the paint and I don't think that is necessary. I have done it and you need to lay out large amounts of drop cloth to prevent popcorn from falling down. Paint in one direction only otherwise the popcorn will peel.
Where can I find garage building plans? Use a Plugging Chisel. A plugging chisel has a tapered edge for cleaning out hardened mortar. The chisel is held with one hand and struck with a hammer. The direction of the taper in the blade determines if the chisel cuts deep or runs shallow along the joint.
What are the steps for landscaping a lawn? I bought my house in 2007, and we inherited a crazy backyard. I'd like to completely redo it, but cost is a big issue. Estimates for a complete landscape are around $30,000, which unfortunately is out of our budget. Since our house has lost quite a bit of value, a HELOC is out of the question. It's too much work for just one person to do, so I've considered hiring day laborers, and doing it myself. My plan is to have them remove all green, saving a few apple trees for replanting. But outside of that I have no idea what else I need to do. Is there a person I can hire to figure out a plan, and coordinate this whole ordeal, or will they have their own personnel? I have a yard waste recycling bin, but the amount of brush needed to be removed will be more than a single bin full--What are my options for getting rid of the underbrush? The yard is tiered, and ideally I'd love to level it out. Is this feasible?
Power keeps cutting out to hot tub I have an outdoor Hydropool hot tub and have recently been having an issue with power. It seems that periodically a build up of 'gunk' (my technical term for it) builds up around one of the electrical connections to the heater and eventually causes the breaker to trip. In the past I have been able to fix the problem by simply disconnecting the wires and wiping away the gunk with some paper towel. This typically happens only after quite intense rain storms but I'm not sure if it's related. Is there a way to keep this from happening? or is it a sign of something more significant going on that I should get checked out.
Power keeps cutting out to hot tub A few thoughts... Talk to some local landscaping companies. You can probably find one that will do a plan for you (for a fee). This will make it easier in that you have something to work from. For the yard waste, look into renting a chipper that you can feed the brush into and it will spit out mulch. You can use the mulch in flower beds. If you want to remove tiers, I'm guessing you're going to need to move a lot of dirt. You will probably need to rent equipment for this, unless you are willing to hire some one. It sounds like you have a really big project in mind. If you are serious about doing it yourself, give yourself plenty of time.
Power keeps cutting out to hot tub The fact that this "gunk" keeps building up is a sign that there is an underlying cause you've not found. I'd get an electrician with hot tub experience to take a look. It might be something simple, but with electricity and water you don't want to get it wrong.
How do I fix a squeaky/whiny ceiling fan? I have a Monte Carlo ceiling fan, similar to this one in style. It has a light that points up towards the ceiling and another towards the floor. The fan is making a whiny almost squeaky noise on all 3 speed settings. http://www.montecarlofans.com/18871/Ceiling-Fan-5OBR52BSD.html How do I fix this? some good ole WD40 and luck?
There is water in my basement and the outdoor sump pump failed. What am I doing wrong? My house has water problems with the basement. Here's what the entrance to my basement looks like. When I get a really heavy rain storm, water manages to rise up and start seeping in under the door. Given an hour I have a real mess on my hands (like today) I have a sump pump hooked up underneath the black cover in the picture. It's a simple automatic pump I bought at the home depot. It sits inside a 5 gallon bucket with holes drilled in it and gravel in the bottom. This bucket sits in a pit filled with gravel. Here's what it looks like when you lift the cover The pump has a garden hose hooked up to it. The hose then runs through some pvc pipes and into the back yard. The power cord runs into the house. Currently it's attached to a power cord but I plan on adding a power outlet next to the door that it will plug into. Here's a picture.. So that's my setup, which works well enough for regular amounts of rain. But here are the two situations my setup fails: Flash flood warning level rains. Power outage. So here are my questions: What am I doing wrong? What should I do to make things right?
There is water in my basement and the outdoor sump pump failed. What am I doing wrong? From the looks of it, water could run right around your grate to the door. If the walkway is sloped toward the grate on both sides, that would probably help when the rain is light, but when it is heavy it will run right around it. I would install a grate that runs across the whole width of the walkway. Under the grate, I would have a trench about a foot deep with about 6" of gravel. In the middle of the trench, I would dig a hole another 24" or so deep and put your bucket with the sump pump in there. It would also help to either move the trench closer to the door or grade the walkway so that the couple feet from the drain to the door slopes toward the drain. If you move it, it should at least be inside the "drip line" from the eves/overhang on the house. Another option, if possible (hard to tell from the picture) would be to cover the walkway.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? First-time home-owner - house less than 1 year old. We had our home built last December, and have been discovering all sorts of problems with it. The latest was a trail of ants within our kitchen ascending from behind the stove. When we looked beneath the stove to see what the problem was, we found a small hole allowing sun-light in from outside. Our builder came and sprayed foam, but the ants have persisted for one more day. I finally sprayed some insect killer behind the stove, and that greatly reduced the number of ants. Today I pulled the stove out to see what it looked like back there and found the following (see image). I'm noticing a large space between the hardwood flooring and the drywall - is this normal? Should I fill it with spray foam? If so, is spray foam enough to prevent further insects from finding their way in (assuming the initial round of spray foam wasn't sufficient), or should I deal with ants a different way? If I should spray, what would be an appropriate product to use?
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? If the ants have a nest in the house, you will have to find the nest and destroy it. Then you will have to prevent them from getting back into the house and creating a new nest. If the ants are entering the house from the ground, you could spread Borax around the house. The ants will crawl through the borax on the way in and die. If the ants are coming in from above (power line, clothes line, tree branch) you will have to deal with that accordingly. Clothes lines and tree branches are easy, just remove them. A power line can be more tricky, but most likely the ants are getting on the line from a nearby tree. If that's the case you should call the power company and ask them to remove the tree, unless the tree is on your property in which case you can trim the branches around the line so the ants no longer have access. The first step is to find where the ants are coming from, the next step is to prevent them from coming back. As for the dry wall not coming down to the floor, that is normally covered up by base boards. I'm assuming the builders figured the stove would cover it so there was no sense 'wasting money' installing a baseboard there.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? The gap is not unusual. You could put spray foam there, but it will only have a negligible affect. I've had ants come in through an electrical outlet before. Any tiny opening is sufficient for their single-file "column" to come marching through. Hurrah! Hurrah! The best thing to do is to apply a bait/poison like Amdro along the base of the exterior wall and use a few ant bait stations made for interior use in a few places in the kitchen. If the ones that you can get at the grocery or home improvement store don't do the trick then you can get better ones from your local pest control store that caters to the DIY market. The products available to a homeowner will be limited and regulated, but they are often effective. Always follow label instructions.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? Seems to me that it would depend on where the squeak is coming from. If it;s inside the mechanism, or somewhere where parts of the fan are rubbing tegether then some WD-40 would probably fix it right up, but if the whole mounting is wobbling and causing the mount to rub against the junction box then you might try tightening the mounting hardware or shimmiing it out with something to make the mounting tighter.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? For the case of the power outages, there's basically two options -- UPS or other battery backup for the sump pump. (which only helps for as long as the batteries hold out) A water powered sump pump As for the flash flood issues -- you might be able to either regrade the area to change the catchment area that drains towards the door, and possibly add a lean-to roof to reduce the amount of rain into the area, or increase the size of the pump to deal with the increased flow. The water powered sump could also help in the case of the flash floods, as you'll have both the regular pump and the backup pump so long as the power's still on (and you route them separately, so they're not sharing an outflow route.)
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? Cordless 18v lithium ion impact driver. Drives screws and bolts so smoothly, quickly, and without torquing your wrist. Also relatively light, small, hangs on a belt, and battery lasts a long time. Makita BTD144 is one good example.
How do I change the remote frequency options in my ceiling fan? My Hampton Bay ceiling fan remote control is interfering with my neighbours. Inside the remote there are switches to adjust the remote frequency. Where in the fan do I make the corresponding adjustment? Do I have to take the fan down?
What kitchen counter material would you recommend and why? What are the pros and cons of various kitchen counter top materials? Granite Corian Concrete Laminate Quartz Silestone Other
