What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? What are some of the things that you need to consider if you have a sewage ejector pump regarding maintenance and prevention of abominable, excrable catastrophes? From what I gather this thing is akin to a giant garbage disposal with a pump that mashes up sewage and pushes it up to a point where it's above, elevation-wise, the nearest sewer line. It's probably most commonly used in old basements that have been dug out.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? We used Travina for all the counters throughout our new house. It has all the benefits of granite or quartz, but is about 50% of the cost. From the website... Travina® is composed of 70-80% natural aggregates and a special blend of high tech polymer resin for strength and durability. Cost Effective Travina® was designed to be a low cost alternative for kitchen counter tops. It is comparable in beauty to real stone, as durable as solid surface products, yet stays within an affordable price range for most budgets. Renewable Travina’s unique system makes it a renewable product. Very minor scratches can be removed with a single application of Travina® Final Coat. Deeper scratches can be taken care of by using a 400 grit sandpaper followed by Travina® Final Coat. In extreme cases, the manufacturer can renew almost any Travina® surface. Heat Resistant Travina® fillers are heat resistant, but we recommend you use a hot pad. Scratch Resistant Travina® products are scratch resistant. Although very sharp objects will scratch the surface, normal wear is typically undetectable. Travina’s unique appearance gives the product better ability to hide surface wear than its competition. Stain Resistant Travina® is a porous product, but neither the aggregate or the resins are susceptible to staining. Travina® Final Coat is an advanced 5-year sealer that holds up to common stains. Some acids, bleaches and citrus products can harm the surface.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? It depends on your fan. There will be a little control unit installed in the base of the ceiling fan, that is wired to the motor. With most fans, you can take off the base that covers the electrical box (above the fan if if is hanging from a short rod). There is usually one or two screws that hold this one. It is purely decorative, so do not worry about it holding the fan up. Under this, you will see the fan rod hanging from a metal structure. Usually inside this, there will be a control unit. They are typically about 4-5 inches long, 2-3 inches with, and less than an inch think. You may be able to change the DIP switches without removing it, but you may have to take the fan off to pull it out. It just depends how much space is in there. good Luck!
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? The switches for the fan are either in the lower bell housing or on top of the motor assembly. Check the lower bell first. There should be 3 or 4 small screws holding this on, remove them and carefully remove the light assembly. Look inside the bell to find the RF receiver, the switches are on this (you may have to pull it out to access the switches). If the RF receiver is not there it is probably on the motor assembly, in which case the fan will have to be taken down. Even if you have to take the fan down you should not have to disconnect any wiring, there should be a hook on the assembly so you can hang it from the mounting bracket while you adjust the switches. Depending on the ceiling clearance you may have to remove the blades, then remove the decorative ring near the ceiling. Carefully remove the screws that hold the fan to the mounting bracket, you should be able to hang the fan from a hook on the mounting bracket (so you don't have to hold the fan while you work). Inside this assembly you should see the RF receiver, adjust the switches and re-mount the fan.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? We are happy with our Granite. The only drawback is that we have to watch out for stain's - from oil or red liquids like red wine. And even then, as long as you don't let it sit overnight, you are fine, just wipe it up. After living with Corian and Formica, the ability to place very hot pans on the surface it a must. I can't tell you how convenient that is. depending on the style of granite and edge you use, it may actually be just as cheap as many of the other "cheaper" alternatives. We found that going to the local Granite supplier, was way cheaper than buying it from a kitchen place or major home improvement stores. In our case, we started at Home Depot, and we wanted to see larger samples. They told us to go look at their supplier's location. We went there, and they were like, just buy it from us directly, we not only supply it to Home Depot, but also install it for them, so we completely eliminated the middle man. Corian is also soft, and can be scratched. They will tell you, "we can fix scratches, and buff it out", but that costs money. Why not just get something that can't scratch. I am not 100% familiar with all the others listed. I would just recommend going with something that is heat resistant and scratch proof. If any other the other alternatives over granite are also less porous (resistant to stains) that would be a plus.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? In addition to the other comments, the garden hose may also be causing the problem. It may not allow enough flow of water to leave the basin fast enough. We have 1.5" pvc leaving the sump pump and that pipe discharges into the yard. Can you use the PVC that you said you have going into the yard instead of having the hose in the PVC?
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? Killing the ants is one thing, and the comments from others are good. However, you need to fix the root cause of the problem, which is hole that you can see daylight from. Spray foam will only deter them for a while. You should NEVER be able to see daylight through a wall from the inside of a home. I would take a good look outside and see how much of a gap existed before the foamed it. You may have to remove the siding to see everything, but I suspect the exterior wall may need to be patched.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? You left out butcherblock -- it can be cheaper than stone or 'solid surface' products (Lumber Liquidators sells both Cherry and Maple edge grain for $310-330 per 12' section). You can sand many problems right out of it (but it's self-healing like a wood cutting boad when kept oiled, or you can get it varnished for less maintenance required), and it's something you can install yourself, as it's wood and doesn't require fancy tools. The only disadvantage that I know of over the other surfaces you listed were if it were to get exposed to standing water, unsealed, and started to mold. And I'll admit -- I'm not a fan of granite or stone ... I can't see paying that much money for a countertop; it's one thing to have a marble or granite insert for a pastry station, particularly if it's something you can pull out to chill down before using, but I'd never do a whole kitchen in it. If I wanted stone, I'd go concrete, just from the DIY-persepective of it. You might want to re-ask this question on cooking.stackexchange.com for another perspective.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? A whinny noise suggests to me that it's likely something in the movement of the motor or attached assembly. Careful application of WD40 might be of some use if you can get it in past the blades, and closer to the motor itself. If that worked, but only for a short time, I would probably look for a way to open it up a bit (careful to turn off power first, and not just at the wall switch) and clean and oil more deeply. It's possible it's just dirty, but I would guess that it's a bit more likely some parts are starting to wear a bit. A slightly heavier oil (like 3-in-1 or similar), might give you slightly longer relief than WD40 but it will be harder to get into the right places.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I am living in a house where most electrical outlets are two prong. There are a smattering of three prong, in particular where an addition was put on. Am I hosed when it comes to where I can plug in electrical appliances that have three prong plugs?
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? Depends. It may be that the additional wire was just never terminated. You can see if you have all three pairs by shutting off the breaker, taking off the outlet cover and examining the wires going to your outlets. It may just be snipped off and you can put in the third leg rather easily.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I'm assuming you're in the US. Get a tester and see if the box is grounded. A two lead neon type tester works well for this. Insert one lead into one side of the two-prong outlet and touch the other lead to the screw that holds the plate on. Try the other side, too. You may have to scratch off some paint if the screw isn't bare metal. If it lights up that's good news. You can use a multi-meter set to read AC voltage or another type of tester instead of the neon one. If you have grounded boxes, you can either buy two-prong to three prong adapters that have a lug that you put the plate's screw through or you can buy replacement outlets that are designed for retrofitting in this application. Your other option is to have an electrician come in and upgrade your wiring to full grounding.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I've been in a similar situation, from the sound of it. There are tradeoffs associated with getting people in versus doing it yourself, and some may not be immediately obvious. There certainly are project managers that will do everything for you, from design through briefing contractors to levelling and final planting. They'll even come for regular visits for a few seasons afterwards to keep everything spick and span. The advantage of this approach is that they will do everything and you need have no skill whatsoever to get a great looking result. The disadvantage... is that they do everything, and they will not only charge you for their (expensive) time but also for their labourers, disposal, equipment hire, and so on and so on. In practice my experience is to steer clear of agents of this kind unless you really have to get it done immediately, for example if you want to sell the house this year. An alternative is to do everything yourself. It's actually quite feasible given enough time (longer than you might think!) to clear the land, burn or chip the brushwood, then hire diggers and dumpers to level the land. But there's a remarkable amount of skill in making sure that you keep the trees you want to keep and that the ground is correctly graded with stones removed, top-soil neat, and sub-soil buried. What I've found to work well is a middle way: I've done planning and unskilled work myself, then hired in sub-contractors to do the specialised work. So for our garden I spent a few weekends in the winter (when everything had died back) clearing to the ground, then in the spring (when the ground wasn't so waterlogged) had our local equipment hire firm supply a digger and a driver for a day to do the levelling. The fellow who came along was brilliant, truly an expert, and well worth the $300 or so we paid him for a long day. I've found this in other situations, too: the specialists who would typically work as sub-contractors on bigger building projects most often know as much, and sometimes much more, than the lead project managers about the specifics of specialised tasks. If the job is simple and you have plenty of time then there's nothing particularly complicated about managing good subcontractors.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I rented the Varathane sander as mentioned in the other post from Lowes. I also purchased the water based finish and sanding disks. There was an instruction booklet with the sander that walked you through the process. I used a handheld random orbital sander to sand in the corners. The entire process cost about $150 and took two days. I sanded down to the bare wood the first day, cleaned up and put one coat of finish on. I put 4 more coats on the next day with a light sanding before the last coat.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? The best argument I heard of for laminate is the cost. It is much cheaper to change out the countertop when trends and taste change. For the most part it is low maintenace as well.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I had the same problem with a much bigger wall and I was using a small sledge hammer. No matter how hard I swung the hammer the wall wasn't moving. So I got a bigger sledge hammer . . . one that has a 4 foot handle and a 12 pound head. It was about $20 at Harbor Freight (cheap tools but they work for weekend jobs). I took one swing at the top (it was actually a concrete counter top on top of a big wall) and it broke into 5 big pieces that I could then break down. It was amazing. Crazy what a difference a bigger hammer will make.
Fighting mosquitos indoor I'm living close to the sea, so during the summer I'm bothered and attacked by many mosquitos and was wondering what kinds of repellents have been proven successful to get rid of these little critters. Are the candles any good? Update: Thanks for the answers provided so far. Maybe I should add that we have them indoor. One thing I don't wanna do is putting these mosquito nets in the windows, because they would destroy our beautiful sea view. We sleep under a mosquito net, so that is perfect. But I'm looking for something for the 3-4 hours before going to sleep, sitting on the couch and reading. Maybe I should also add, that I'm living in Spain, so if you recommend specific products they most likely are not available here. But I can try to find something similar.
Fighting mosquitos indoor Here is a similar answer from another question though this question is more multi-purpose. There are several kinds of drywall anchors and they each have their own weight rating. Some work by drilling a small hole and tapping in a plastic sleeve and others work by drilling a bigger hole and screwing a plastic sleeve and there are others where you drill a hole and the metal butterfly expands behind the drywall know as molly bolts. Then there are toggle bolts that are spring loaded metal wings that fold and have a long machine screw. Recently I saw anchors where you drill a 1 inch hole in the drywall and this big contraption grips the inside of the drywall and is effectively a bigger version of toggle bolts (made by Moen and they're called SecureMount). The biggest difference between each is how much weight they are rated to hold and how bit a hole you need to put into the drywall (and usually the bigger the hole in the drywall the more weight they can hold. I also found this useful link that has pictures and describes all the types mentioned (except the SecureMount of course . . . those are new and very much a niche product).
Fighting mosquitos indoor I have two citronella torches out on my deck. They provide a nice ambiance and I guess maybe they help a little, but we still get eaten up if we don't spray ourselves (or the yard). I've been thinking about some sort of mosquito netting to cover the entire deck area so we don't need the chemicals...
Fighting mosquitos indoor Cutter Backyard Bug Control works pretty well. It will clear out the mosquitoes for a couple of weeks but of course it is a chemical. Just attach it to your hose and spray your yard. The mosquitoes will be gone in the morning.
Fighting mosquitos indoor Not sure how well it works (haven't had a chance to use them, yet) but the Off Clip-on Mosquito Repellent seems quite convenient. You can clip them on and keep mosquitoes away while you work in the yard, this way you can't mistakenly wonder out of the protected range of candles, and you don't have to spray chemicals on your skin (that wear off as you sweat anyway). WebMD says "Mosquito traps, a relatively new product, may be the answer. They work by emitting substances that biting mosquitoes find attractive -- such as carbon dioxide, heat, moisture, and other mosquito-friendly byproducts. They attract, then trap or kill female mosquitoes. When placed strategically near breeding spots, "they have knocked [mosquito] populations down,"" Placing one of these Mega-Catch™ Alpha Mosquito Traps a little way from your deck or patio, should lure the mosquitoes away from you and into the trap.
Installing a shelf on a stucco-covered wall We have a wall in the workroom next to our kitchen where we'd like to put a long, shallow shelf. The wall is stucco, and I'm a little concerned about the wall crumbling or cracking around the pilot holes and brackets. Has anyone successfully installed shelves on a stucco wall? My concerns: Drilling the pilot holes: I don't want to crack the stucco, and there's a layer of what I think is concrete between the plaster and the studs in most of the walls in this house. I'm thinking a thin masonry bit would work here. Laying the shelf brackets: Since stucco isn't perfectly flat, the shelf brackets won't be perfectly against the wall. (We're thinking we'll use a bracket like these.)
Miter saw advice and recommendations I'm buying a power miter saw sometime this week; and early birthday present to myself. What should I consider and what brands do you all recommend? I'm not a contractor, web guy by trade, and do mostly weekend projects.
Miter saw advice and recommendations There are a few different things to look at: Compound vs. Non-Compound - This refers to the kind of cuts you can make with it. A compound saw can both swivel and tilt. A non compound saw usually just does one or the other. Almost all miter saws are compound, and that is probably what you want. Sliding vs. Non-Sliding - A sliding saw will let you cut bigger boards (2x10, 2x12, etc) but will be more expensive and quite a bit bulkier. I have a sliding saw, but honestly find that I hardly ever use the sliding feature. How often you use it will depend on how often you work with larger boards (2x8, 2x10, 2x12) 10" vs. 12". A 10" saw is good enough for most work and less expensive, but can only cut up to about a 2x6 in a single cut (unless it's a sliding saw). A 12" saw will cut 2x8 boards in a single cut. You can also cut 4x material easily on a 12" saw, while a 10" saw won't quite make it all the way through. My suggestion - if you plan on using it mostly for trim or framing work, buy a 10" compound non-sliding saw. If you plan to use it a lot for decking or outdoor work with larger boards or 4x material, get a 12" saw, maybe sliding if it's in your budget. As for quality items, here are a few things to look at: Does the miter gauge look accurate? Is it easy to read? If you adjust the saw, can you easily set it to within one degree of accuracy? Once you adjust the angle and set it, how tightly does it lock in? If it feels "sloppy" you'll have a hard time getting nice cuts. Brand wise, DeWalt makes some really nice ones, as does Hitachi.
Miter saw advice and recommendations I can't answer from a building perspective, but I from what I recall (working from memories over a decade old) from my geotechnical engineering classes: over 2 cm : rock 2cm to 2mm : gravel 2mm to 0.2 mm : sand Then you get to silt and clay at smaller sizes. I might be wrong on the boundary between rock & gravel, as the wikipedia page for gravel lists the upper limit o gravel at 64mm / 2.5 inches, and the lower limit of sand lower as well. You also see terms like 'coarse aggregate' and 'fine aggregate' when dealing with concrete mixing (fine tends to be sand or rock dust, coarse is larger). You've already seen the 'smooth' (aka 'river rock', aka 'pea gravel' when small) vs. 'crushed' (aka 'sharp') issue. Smooth will always leave voids and won't compact well, so I'd assume it'd be better in drainage situations There are also products available that are of mixed grade for better compaction (I've beard it called 'crusher base' or 'crusher run'), which are intended for compacting before your sand course for patios and the like. In some areas, you might also be able to find recycled crushed concrete. I'm not going to get into larger rock products, as there's just too many (flagstone, slabs, blocks (dimensional stone), tumbled blocks, cobbles and pavers, riprap, decorative boulders, etc.)
Miter saw advice and recommendations Mosquitos are repelled by lemon-scented items, so another possibility would be to plant lemon balm, lemon verbena or lemon eucalyptus around the doorways and under windows. It's also worth looking around for areas of standing water, to make sure that there aren't prime breeding areas close to your home.
Miter saw advice and recommendations The only thing I'd add to Eric's answer is to make sure you look at the most expensive model you can afford even it if has features you might not need. It's likely to be better quality and more durable that cheaper models (though unfortunately that's not guaranteed).
Miter saw advice and recommendations This is typical. It's called "grout haze", and you might have to wipe it off a couple of times before it won't reappear. You just need a clean, damp rag, and some scrubbing. If you didn't take it off immediately, it can set up, so you might need to check your local hardware store for 'grout haze remover' if water and elbow grease isn't doing it for you. Well, if it had been on the tile, it'd have been typical, but as Jeff pointed out, you said it was on the grout itself. I've never done colored grouts, so I have no idea if it's typical or not ... and you wouldn't want to scrub at the grout to remove the haze, particulary when the grout's fresh (which is when you want to remove it from the tile). Looking around on the internet, I found mention that leaving water-based grout sealer to evaporate could do it. They recommended re-sealing, and wiping off any excess, but others mentioned it took a lot of elbow grease and solvents. On another site, it was mentioned it could be too much water in the grout, and suggested vinegar or a stronger acid to clean, then resealing; a few people mentioned getting grout dye to cover it up, but you have to strip any grout sealer first.
Gluing Hardwood Floors? We recently had our house built, and included the "hardwood floors" upgrade. When we moved it we were pleased with the way the floors looked. Some time later, water started coming up from beneath the floors - there was a leak in our wall. When the builder came in to replace some of the damaged/warped boards in the floor, we learned that the floor was glued down to the concrete beneath. Is this normal? When the boards were pulled up, they were demolished in the process. They had to force them off of the glue beneath.
Gluing Hardwood Floors? Clearly water is getting into the connection, and that's bad. Look for the source of the water, how is it getting in, and is there something failing to prevent it that's supposed (like a clogged drain nearby, or faulty gaskets). Depending on where those connections are, the root probably may be a plumping, and not electrical. If the root problem isn't obvious and easy to fix, call an expert. I'd probably be inclined to start with someone who advertises working on hot tubs from a pool place instead of the electrician, but that would also depend on the price for getting someone to come out and take a look.
How do I run ethernet, speaker wire, and coax through a wall into a crawlspace? I would like to run three low-voltage cables from my entertainment center through an old plaster wall, down (1-3 feet) through the sill plate, and into the crawlspace. The cables are Ethernet, coaxial-something (for a roof mounted UHF/VHF TV antenna which we haven't installed yet) and speaker wire. Will this gang box will be too crowded? Is there an easy way to give me more space inside the gang box, or to deal with the thick coaxial cable? I might want to run additional wires into this box later, such as phone cable for our DSL connection, or maybe an HDMI connection to another room (but this is a fantasy). Since I have existing wires in the box, will routing new cables through this box and through be a problem? I have a raised crawlspace (4 feet high or more). I need to get the cables from behind the wall into the crawlspace. It looks like many people drill a hole through the sill plate and then route the cables through the hole. Is this recommended, or does it cause any structural issues? I would be drilling the hole from the crawlspace up into the wall. From the room above, I would then need to cut a hole through the plaster. Is there a way to make these two holes line up? I'm looking at the following products to make my life easier. Use some Leviton Quickport wall plates and snap in connectors. Use an low-voltage old-work gang box. I'm a little concerned about moisture coming in from the crawl space. Is this a problem?
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? I'm looking to pick up a cordless trimmer/weed-eater. I have a bit of an anti-noise bias, so I'm hoping to find something that's electric cordless, not a gas-powered one. Are there any trimmers of that sort that have decent power and battery life? Or is the very nature of the tool such that a cordless electric version won't be satisfactory? For what it's worth, I have a fairly small yard ~ 1/3 acre. Edit Gave the Black and Decker a whirl, and it was perfect - one battery on full charge, and I didn't even run it down doing the whole yard.
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? Yes, hardwood is often glued directly to concrete slab. It's a fairly common installation. That said, gluing down solid hardwood planks is more problematic and trouble-prone because the solid planks do not tolerate uneven floor very well. Engineered hardwood often works better for a glue-down application. Engineered hardwood is manufactured from layers of material laminated together, topped with a veneer of actual hardwood. The layers are chosen to allow the flooring to better tolerate environmental conditions, such as moisture, better than solid planks. Manufacturers also often cut slots on the back of the hardwood which allow it to flex and absorb the unevenness in a concrete slab.
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? You've got a lot of different questions, so I'll try to answer the ones I can: Coax sucks because of the necessary bend. You're better off going with a backless box like the one you linked to, because it makes running cables so much easier. (if you have a second person, have them push the cables up from below (or a straightened coat hanger or other wire to act as a needle, if the bundle of cables is too floppy), and then snag it from the hole with a wire bent into a hook) ... which you can't do as easily if you mount a box with little punchouts. Also, you then don't have to worry about crowding the box, etc. It's easier to run lots of cables at once. What what you're planning already, I'd likely run an extra cat5e/cat6 cable, and then get an HDMI-over-twisted-pair (aka HDMI-over-cat5) extender if you wanted to go that route, or re-terminate it for RJ11 if you wanted to change it over to phone. I don't know of any other way to get cables/pipes through the sill other than drilling, and it's allowed for plumbing, electrical, etc, so long as you then spray foam the holes afterwards (at least, it's required in my area, might not be in yours). You only need to line up well enough to get it in the same bay, so you have a ~14.5" target. I cut the hole for the box first, then check to verify the location of the studs (I don't use hardware that requires me to attach to a stud, so I just have to make sure to miss it when cutting my hole), then measure off of some reference point that I'll be able to find down below. (electrical runs, walls, etc.) If nothing else, you can use plumbing or electrical for identifying where the walls are from below. To avoid humidity issues, use spray foam to seal around the cables. (see #3). It may even be required by code in your area.
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? I'd agree with the masonry bit (as well, stucco is rough on drill bits anyway) of whatever size is recommended for the wall anchors you're using. I'd been reluctant to post a response, as I had no idea what do do for the wall without flattening down that section, but I have a completely untested idea -- If the stucco isn't too extreme in its texture, and you're not going to be putting lots of load on the shelf, you might be able to cut a piece of foam to use as backing, and then tighten it to the wall to compress the foam so it's not too bouncy. You're likely going to want extra (or heavier) bolts for this; there won't be friction against the wall, so the bolts are going to be taking the whole load in sheer. Also, you won't have the same support against moment. I was thinking some of the stiffer spray-foam might work, but if you wanted to make it removable without damage (and if you didn't, you'd just flatten the wall), you'd need to add some release agent, which might stain the wall, or go through some hoops to pull this off: Make a frame the size of the bracket, open on the side against the wall, and an extra hole (see below). Figure out where you want to mount the bracket. Tape a plastic bag large enough to full the frame on the end of a can of spray foam. Stuff the bag in the frame through the hole. Hold the frame where you want to mount the bracket, and inject the spray foam. Wait for it to set up. Repeat steps 2 through 6 for each additional bracket location. You might be able to do something similar with other products to mold to the wall, but all of the ones I can think of have slower set times which would make it really slow going.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? I have a circuit that powers several things in my house: Kitchen microwave Basement lights Basement sockets Sump pump Recently, this circuit has been thrown with alarming frequency when I use the microwave. No other combination of uses has thrown it. It seems especially likely to throw if the microwave is used after a big rain (when the sump pump is active). This is not something I encountered in the first 2 years of owning the house, however it has happened a couple dozen times in the last six months. Any ideas on what it could be and how to fix it? Will it cause permanent damage to not fix? If it's relevant, I plan to sell the house in about a year.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? I've never used a cordless trimmer, but from the reviews that I read online, I decided against the cordless option. Problems I've read about include a short battery life and not enough power. If you've got a long fence line like I do, the battery life is a big drawback. (Just for reference, I've got ~1/2 acre, mostly fenced.) And if you tend to let your grass get a little long between mowings, then the power issue is a big drawback. On the other hand, most consumer-use gas trimmers are in the $200+ range (some in the $100's) and I've seen corded or cordless electric trimmers for $40. So I guess it boils down to cost vs. performance. I recently purchased an Echo SRM-225 after quite a bit of research, so I might be a little bit biased, but I'm not in the least bit disappointed by it. I did spring for a nicer gas powered trimmer, so you might not see as much of a difference between a cheap gas powered one and an electric one.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? Circuit breakers can wear out over time, so probably the first thing to do would be to replace it (check your local codes to see if it's something you can do yourself or if you need to call in an electrician). If you do have an electrician look at it, you might also consider splitting that circuit into two or more. A 1000W microwave will take about 9A (1000W / 115V for the magnetron, plus some overhead for the motor and the electronics), and the first few search results for "sump pump" show current ratings of around 10A. You're already close to the limit for a 20A circuit, even without any basement lights on! I don't know much about sump pumps (don't have one myself), but electric motors generally take more power the harder they have to work, so if there's something clogging its intake or outlet, clearing it might solve your problem.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? It seems especially likely to throw if the microwave is used after a big rain (when the sump pump is active). As well as the load as mentioned by Niall, any moisture in the air can affect electrical circuits. So if your breakers are in the cellar - where it's damper - that might be enough to trip it.
Should my toilet flange sit on top of the backer board or the tile of the floor? The bathroom model saga continues. The old toilet flange was rusting, and the subfloor was rotting, so I pulled up the subfloor around the toilet, and replaced the drain pipe with ABS, and an elbow. The plan is to tile this bathroom. So my question is- should the toilet flange sit on top of the backer board so that the top of the flange is close to flush with the top of the tile? Or should the flange sit on top of the tile (thus raising the top of the flange 3/8" or so over the top of the tile)? I've seen it recommended both ways, but have had some trouble finding the pros/cons of each.
Should my toilet flange sit on top of the backer board or the tile of the floor? What Joe said, and... If your "plaster" walls are lath-and-plaster, you'll probably find it easier to mount the box horizontally because you'll have to cut through fewer lath to make the opening (you might get away with just cutting one). A previous owner of my house did this for some receptacles; IMO they look odd, but if your box will be behind an entertainment center, it doesn't make any difference.
Should my toilet flange sit on top of the backer board or the tile of the floor? You want the flange to be secured to the floor as tightly as possible. If it's on top of the tile, I think you run the risk of cracking the tile when you're tightening the nuts on the flange, so I say attach it to the backer-board.
What is the best way of plumbing a bathroom so as to avoid temperature fluctuations in the shower? Everyone has been in a shower where you can tell when someone flushes a toilet, opens a kitchen tap, etc, as the temperature rapidly changes. There's also other places where the shower is virtually unaffected by anything else. Is there a way of plumbing in lines (either using a certain size pipe, or certain order of branches) to minimize the sensitivity? Do pro plumbers ever pay attention to this, or do they just do whatever is the shortest run? In my current house, the shower never changes temperature, despite use of dishwasher, laundry, toilets or other taps. There is a 3/4" line that runs one direction for cold, and another 3/4" line running the opposite direction for hot (the hot water tank is on the exact opposite side of the house from where the cold water comes in). On the cold side, there is the kitchen sink first, and then the bathroom (and I'm 99% sure based on positioning that the shower is first, followed by toilet, then sink). On the hot side, there is a 1/2" line that comes off first for the laundry and downstairs half-bath, and then the bathroom in the same order as before.
What is the best way of plumbing a bathroom so as to avoid temperature fluctuations in the shower? One way to ensure that the shower temperature doesn't vary is to install a thermostatic mixer. While you might get reduced flow when someone else uses water in another part of the house the temperature will remain constant.
Do I need an electrician to install a whole house surge protector? We have some pretty terrible storms and a pretty terrible power company where I live. We experience power surges quite often. So I'm interested in installing a whole-house surge protector. Is this something I would probably want an electrician to install, or is it something I could do myself?
Do I need an electrician to install a whole house surge protector? It partially depends on your competency with electrical work, and what kind of surge protector you get. There are two basic models I know about: Square-D makes a module that mounts the same way as a standard QO breaker in the panel: http://surgelogic.com/residential/surgebreaker-secondary-surge-arresters/. It is very easy to hook up, you plug it in just like a breaker, and simply run the one line to ground. (This is a "Type 2" device). There are other companies that make these as well, be sure to get one that can fit in your panel (each company does it differently). There are also several types of external boxes which go beside the main panel, and hook up to a 220V circuit. These are possibly a bit harder to install (you need to run conduit typically), but may offer better protection and sometimes also have surge protection for phone lines and cable. These come in both Type 1 and Type 2. If you're comfortable opening the panel and installing a new breaker, then really either of these methods is okay, though the first is definitely easier. The "type" I referenced above boils down to (and this is new to me, correct me if I get it wrong): Type 1 are designed for direct lightning strikes, though you may need a lighting protection system (rod) to take advantage of it. Type 2 are designed for indirect lightning strikes. Note, having this doesn't mean you don't need surge protection on individual devices. It certainly takes a way a lot of the risk, but it doesn't eliminate it. For expensive items or things that are very sensitive (eg, computer, home entertainment system) it's worthwhile to put a powerbar-style surge protector right at the equipment).
Do I need an electrician to install a whole house surge protector? This sounds like pure luck that you haven't had problems before. Niall has the ratings right: My microwave says 1100W power output, and 1500W max power use (which is 13A), and a 1/3HP sump pump is 9.5A (or 10A for a 1/2 HP pump), with a peak around 15A when it first starts up. If this is a 20A circuit, you're likely over the limit, and if it's a 15, you're definitely over. After rain is very easy to explain: your sump pump is coming on more often. The starting surge of sump pump is around 5A, and the microwave probably has a surge of at least 2A when it starts up. Basement lights are easy to figure out, just add up the wattage of the bulbs (and current in Amps = # Watts / 115V). Likewise for anything plugged into the basement outlets. Since the sump pump turns on and off at random times depending on the water level, it's likely that any time it tries to start while you have the microwave going it's tripping the breaker. When the microwave is on a lower power setting, it may not cause the same problem. If possible, your best bet is to run a new circuit for the microwave: by the sounds of it, it's been retrofitted, and someone just picked the nearest circuit. I would try to find where it was added (assuming unfinished basement or at least access to the ceiling or other relevant areas), and add a junction box and a new line back to the panel, and give it its own 20A circuit. Next best is to run a new circuit for the sump pump. You'll still have the issue with anything plugged into the basement outlets, but at least that's more controllable.
How much should it cost to add a circuit breaker? In this question, I asked about problems between my circuit breaker for a circuit shared by my microwave and sump pump. The conclusion was that another circuit should be added to support the microwave on its own. I have open spots for breakers in the box. Assuming I have an electrician do this job, how much should I expect it to cost? If location is a variable, I'm in central Maryland. Note that the new circuit could be added to support only the sump-pump in an unfinished basement. So my thinking is that it should be one of the easiest additions possible.
How much should it cost to add a circuit breaker? I own this cordless string trimmer: Black and Decker NST2018 ($100) It comes with two batteries, so if the first one goes dead, you can pop in the second one and keep going. (Always keep the spare one in the charger!) I am happy with its performance. My lot is 0.35 acres. I use it to trim along my driveway, sidewalk, swing set, and a few flower beds. I don't have a fence around my lot, or anything that requires extended use. My usual trimming routine takes ~30 minutes, not counting cleanup. I can usually finish the trimming in a single battery charge. If I have neglected the yard for a while, it might take 1.5 battery charges to do everything. It has an auto-string feed, which hasn't failed me yet. You can rotate the trimmer 90 degrees to do edging work. I do this along the edge of my sidewalk and driveway. Makes a really "sharp" line, which looks nice. It is pretty convenient to use. No cords to drag around the yard, no engine to service. However the battery does have its limits. It starts out with decent power, but as the battery starts to wear down in the last few minutes, the motor RPMs will decrease. It will still trim, just not as well. If I had a larger lot, or a fence, or more things to trim around (garden, lots of landscaping features, etc), I would probably need something more powerful. If your trimming routine is similar to mine, it should be OK for you. My string trimmer is part of a larger Black and Decker 18V Yard System. I also own the hedge trimmer and leaf blower from the set. Since the batteries are interchangeable, I have plenty of spares and chargers. Do you need other yard power tools? If so, consider getting a set with interchangeable batteries. When I got my yard tools, the Lithium Battery stuff was still pretty new, and no one was offering an interchangeable set. Now there are at least a few on the market, so you may want to consider them over what I have. Have never used one though, so I can't make a specific recommendation.
How do I fix a ceiling fan that won't turn off? I have a ceiling light/fan fixture in one of my rooms connected to a single electrical switch. There are two pullchains on the fixture, one that controls the light, the other controlling the fan. I'd expect the fan chain to switch it among fast, slow, and off. However, whenever the switch is on, the fan motor is running, and the chain just switches between fast and slow. Is there something wrong with this fixture? Is it just wired wrong, and should have two separate switches?
How do I fix a ceiling fan that won't turn off? Depends on how it is wired. The single switch will control the fan and light simultaneously. If you want the light off, then you pull the chain for the light. The nice part about having the light on a different switch is you can simply go into a room without having to turn on the fan every time and have a nice bright fixture in the room. The downside is that you have to hit the switch every time since the pull chain kind of loses its purpose and is now redundant. Now, whether you have three speeds or not is up to the manufacturer of the fan. Most fans made recently have three speeds. We have to know the make/model to find out for sure. Doubt it is broken though.
Should I hire an architect to design my house? I am planning to build a house for my family. It's relatively simple and modest by modern American standards. I plan to do much of the work myself, and want to keep costs down. I have been working on some designs, but I wonder what a professional would bring to the table. Some guesses: Easier time at the permit office, as architect knows the codes, draws pretty pictures, and the permit officer knows what to expect. Architect will offer clever solutions to difficult problems. Architect will be able to "see" the completed house, from drawings, better than I can, and knows what will work well. Architect will cost an arm and a leg. Architect will want a house to be fancy or make a statement about society.
How do I get started with dovetail joints? I've never made a dovetail joint before, and I'd like to do things right for my next project. I have the router and table and all that - but I don't have a dovetail jig. The prices vary from $40 to well over $400. Do I need to buy a special jig, or is there a way I can just buy the router bit for $10 and make my own template somehow?
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? I recently started looking into installing a glass shower door for my stall shower. The shower is a one-piece fiberglass pre-fab shower. I assume I need a stud on at least one side of the door to screw the frame into. (through the shower, into the wall, into a stud.) My problem is that I checked both walls and found out that the studs aren't lined up on both sides. Luckily, the side I would put the hinge on lines up with the edge of the shower. It makes sense to me that the majority of the force/moment is going to be on the hinge side of the frame. However, I'm worried about what might happen if the shower door is slammed shut, applying a large impulse to the side of the frame not anchored into a stud. So am I screwed because my builder didn't have enough foresight to line up the studs on both sides of the shower, or is one side good enough? EDIT: What type of anchors should I use, if I decide to put in the shower door with only a stud on the hinge side? Should I drill out the fiberglass and stick an anchor just in the drywall behind it? Do anchors exist that will span the 1.5" gap between the fiberglass shower and the drywall?
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? It is fairly simple to add an additional breaker to a box but of course there would be some sort of minimum charge to come out and also the cost of the breaker, so probably around $100. BUT that assumes the actual line for the sump pump/microwave (the one you want to put on the new circuit) is all by itself. I have seen some interesting wiring in old houses where one thing is wired to the next which is wired to the next and eventually all of it goes back to the same breaker. The electrician might need some time to figure out how the microwave and/or sump pump are currently wired before being able to propose a solution. If this is the case then I would expect a much higher bill (since this is no longer a trivial "install a new breaker" job).
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? When I redid my bathroom (added backer board and tile to replace linoleum) I had to raise the flange too. All I did was cut a piece of plywood to fit around the flange and raise it about the same as the backer board. I agree with Niall C.'s answer not to put it over the tile since it could easily crack but I also think the backer board would break easily too considering the screws for the flange would be very close to the edge of the backer board. But in my case, I didn't realize that I needed to raise the flange until after the tile was in and a piece of plywood worked really well in that situation. :)
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? Yes. And in many districts, it is a requirement to have an architect design while an engineer examines and seals the plans.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? We are redecorating our hall. We have stripped all the wallpaper off and have discovered that the plaster behind is not in great condition. What suggestions do people have for preparing a slightly damaged wall for painting? (See photos below) Our budget is fairly low. I think a professional re-plaster is probably out of the question. Is lining paper a sensible option? Are there any other products or techniques suitable? The house is ~1920s. Update: I've had a quote from a plasterer - £400 to have the hall & stairs fully re-plastered. I know it's hard without seeing the size, but does this sound reasonable for a short hall and stairs? It's also way above my budget though so any other cheaper suggestions or advice would still be welcome. 80% of the wall is passable. The plaster is fairly smooth although there are lots of little bumps. I'm assuming that sanding it down to remove bumps and polyfilla to fill cracks will be sufficient here. Followed by a normal priming process (50/50 paint/water). Higher-res Around 15% of the wall has worse damage. Bits of the top layer (~1mm) of plaster are missing. I don't think polyfilla will work here as I'd end up layering it over large areas. Higher-res Finally, about 5% of the wall has big cracks: Higher-res
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? You may be OK if you use proper anchors. I assume this is drywall. The shower door shouldn't be that heavy but you certainly don't want a bunch of glass raining down on someone. It would probably be a good idea to put a stud if you still don't feel the anchors will work for you.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Taking things in reverse order: With the large areas firstly remove any remaining loose plaster. Trying to patch without doing this is a waste of time. Then with the large areas you'll need to replaster. You can either take this as an opportunity to learn or pay someone. I won't tell you how to plaster as it's really a skill you have to be shown or practise yourself, though I do have a couple of bits of advice. Don't try to plaster the whole wall in one go. Take it in stages and make sure you dampen the wall you're plastering onto as it helps the plaster stick. With the areas missing the top coat of plaster you will need to reskim. This should be done after fixing the base coat. You might find a plasterer willing to skim over your base coat - discuss it before you start. This will give you a good finish but should cost less than hiring a plasterer to do the whole job. Getting a good skim finish takes a lot of practice. Finally the areas with only minor cracks and bumps should be filled and sanded before proceeding. If you manage to get a good surface then painting is the best option. If not then paper the wall with two layers of lining paper. The first runs horizontal and the second vertical. This will smooth out most of the remaining unevenness in the wall. Before papering wash the walls with a weak glue solution this will stop all the glue from the paper being absorbed into the plaster and the paper lifting off the wall. I should have added that you need to leave the plaster to fully dry out before painting or papering. That might have been one of the reasons why the previous repair has failed. UPDATE The quote you have doesn't seem unreasonable but without knowing the exact area you need replastering or your location it's difficult to say for certain. However, we shouldn't be getting into commenting on exact quotes as they are always going to be too localised (in time and space). Get another quote to compare it against - that's always going to be the best option. Also as I said above see if you can get the plasterer just to do the final skim - it should come out cheaper.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? If you are using a router you will need some sort of edge/jig to guide the cut, otherwise you won't get a straight line. In the first instance I'd buy a cheap(ish) one and see how you get on. Then if you want to do more advanced pieces buy a more expensive jig. BTW I learnt to do dovetail joints with a dovetail saw and mallet & chisel. You can use a mitre saw, but a dovetail saw is finer.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Without significant care, a homemade jig won't allow the pieces to mesh properly when you're finished. Commercial jigs are accurate down to hundredths or thousandths of an inch, and it's unlikely you'll get the same level of accuracy. That said, as ChrisF mentioned, commercial jigs and routers are a fairly modern invention but dovetail joints are not. So using your own jig you may need to do more manual work to get them to fit. As my father (a professional carpenter for about 40 years) noted, "a 'master carpenter' is just a carpenter with enough experience to know how to hide his mistakes."
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Here's a good tutorial on hand-cut dovetails. There are two schools of thought - pins first and tails first. It doesn't really matter, it's more about how you were taught. This one is pins first. How I Make Hand-Cut Dovetails
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? I don't agree with: Architect will want a house to be fancy or make a statement about society Ask around for recommendations. A good architect is like a graphic designer -- they're paid to make you happy by turning your vision into a reality. Yes, there are quite a few out there who deal in the ultra-fancy, but there's quite a few out there who like nice, simple lines and know how to get good value / convenience / etc out of a space. (is that making a statement about society? well, maybe, I guess). Any time someone says that they put something into their house because the architect wanted it, that's a sign not to go with the architect -- the architect can build their own house if they want stuff in there, this is your house, and you should only put in things you actually want. (although, I do recommend a roof ... they come in handy. And some doors & windows) Some architects specialize in certain types of houses, and they're not all equally great in all fields, so you might need to ask around. You should be able to find one that matches what sort of things you're looking for (mansions vs. homey vs. modern vs. efficient, etc). Yes, they are going to cost you money, but they're also going to save time in some aspects, and if they can keep you from building a bad design by identifying a problem before it's built, they're invaluable. (disclaimer -- I wanted to be an architect, and went to a school planning on transfering out after my core classes were done, but never did ... I did take some architectural history classes and stuff like that, though)
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? For a cheap and pretty good option, I would check out the jig Harbor Freight sells. A lot of people say it's really good for the $25-$35 price point. I personally cut them by hand (with a dovetail saw, $10 at Sears, and chisels) which is pretty quick for one-offs (no setup really required) and doesn't require any special jigs. If you look up handcut dovetails on YouTube you can watch some people do it and decide how easy/hard it looks.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Thats great that you are looking to do a lot yourself. We did the same. So I drew up the initial plans, which totally spelled out what we wanted, overall size, rooms, etc. But my drawings were no where near that what was needed for the permits, for building drawings (any subs that you may use), and for materials when you take them to the lumber yard. I was able to take my plans to an architect, and ask for a official set of building plans. They may make some suggestions for you, but if you are clear that you just want building drawings, they will know what you need. This will typically cost $1,000. Not too much when you think of the ocst of the entire project.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? You can use either a designer or an architect, but depending on where you are building and the complexity of the home, you may need an engineer to stamp the plans. For more detailed info in deciding which is a better fit for you, I'd go to http://OwnerBuilderBook.com. The forums there were invaluable when I owner-built my own home.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? ChrisF gives some great advice about how to fix the plaster, but I might suggest something else. Given that about 20% of the wall is damaged to the point that you'll probably need professional help to repair it, I would strongly consider just putting up some new 3/8" drywall over the existing plaster.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? This is why I would never hire someone who only does new construction. They don't take pride in their work, they only do enough so that the new homeowner doesn't complain. To really fix this problem permanently, you are really going to have to "dig" into the wall. Which is why the builder just put in some spray foam. Otherwise they would have had to spend more money, without getting another dime from you. It might be worthwhile to have someone, other than the builder, come over and look at it with you, even if you have to hire them yourself.
Can vinyl siding be painted or stained? Can vinyl siding be painted or stained, and more importantly, does it last or will I be repainting every year like a wood sided house?
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? I know there are a lot of possible factors that go into determining the size of the air-conditioning system a house needs. Is there a standard way of calculating what is needed, or do A/C companies each devise their own method? Is there a guide somewhere to aid a home-owner in figuring it out?
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? Get a plasterer in - you will be astonished at how little it costs and how quickly they'll do the job. A good plasterer (in Gloucestershire, UK; urban prices will be more) shouldn't cost more than c. £150-£250 / day all found; in a day they should manage to replaster a complete 10' x 10' room without problems. Smaller rooms should cost less. Ask around for advice and get lots of quotes. We had a wall 30' x 7' in similar looking condition to yours and estimates ranged from £250 to over £1000! When you get estimates, say you'll be finishing the wall by painting even if you intend to paper. Lining paper can hide slight uneven-ness so if your plasterer isn't so good he'll cut corners. I'd be worried about the plaster in the last photo. What made it come off? (I'm assuming you're in the UK, BTW, as you mention good-ol' polyfilla.)
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? Yes, you can paint it. Make sure you clean it very well (use a TSP Cleaner) and then use a primer first (although some sites say you can get away without a primer). Also make sure to paint it a lighter color than the current one: I assume you're painting with a lighter color paint - vinyl siding painted a dark color can have problems with warping and expansion in direct sun. from http://newsgroups.derkeiler.com/Archive/Alt/alt.home.repair/2008-08/msg03475.html The expected life of the paint job will be dependent on the weather conditions for that area of the house and probably be about the same as a wood sided area.
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? To roughly calculate the required BTU output of an air conditioner you will need to total up the results of six calculations. Square footage of area to be cooled. (Length x Width) x 337 Area of south facing windows. (Height x Width) x 871 Area of north facing windows. (Height x Width) x 166 Heat produced by people (# of people x 400) Heat produced by lights (Total wattage of all lights x 4.25) Total heat produced by appliances (Total wattage of all appliances x 3.15) Add all of these numbers up to determine the BTU output required of the air conditioner (Source). You could also use a site like this Air Conditioner Sizing Worksheet to make the calculations.
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? I want to build a deck off the back of my house. The door is near grade level, about 1' above. The grade doesn't have very large slope, so that means that the beam at the far end would be below grade: Note: Forgive the crude pen-drawing i sketched out at work. Didn't really want to bother with plenty of workspace, pencils or rulers. Am i allowed to use beams when they are this close to grade? i was thinking that metal bracket holding up the beam, and the lower part of the beam, can be filled with crushed stone: My question is: is this allowed? Even if the beam is pressure treated, and even if it is surrounded in whatever is desired (from nothing, to earth, to crushed stone), is this allowed? Tags: desk, beam, footing, crushed stone, below grade
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? You'll want to check out the ENERGY STAR Air Conditioning Sizing Calculator.
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? Sure, you can do that. Rather than using a beam though, just use some of those pre-cast concrete pier blocks (like in this article). If you really want to use a beam instead (it might be cheaper) you'll want to make sure the treated wood you use is rated for ground contact. You might have a hard time finding ground-contact rated 2x6's at a local home store, but they probably do carry ground-contact rated 4x6's that you could use instead. Another option would be to use railroad ties for your "beam". just dig a trench, fill it with gravel, level it out, compact it, and set the railroad ties on top (note - railroad ties are much heavier than they look).
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? In Massachusetts, you can use wood for foundations as long as it is the right kind of pressure-treated wood. “All lumber and plywood shall be treated in accordance with AWPA C22, and shall bear the label of an accredited agency showing 0.60 retention.” 780 CMR 5402.1.2 I think that means that your beam can be underground. You will need to treat cuts and holes with copper napthenate: “Where lumber and/or plywood is cut or drilled after treatment, the treated surface shall be field treated with Copper Napthenate, the concentration of which shall contain a minimum of 2% copper metal, by repeated brushing, dipping or soaking until the wood absorbs no more preservative.” The footings for your beam will need to be frost protected, i.e., “extend a minimum of 48 inches below finished grade at all points” (5403.1.4) One alternative is to build a patio instead of a deck. A deck is defined by 780 CMR 5202 as an “exterior floor system supported on at least two opposing sides by an adjoining structure and/or posts, piers, or other independent supports.“ You will need to add at least four inches of gravel or crushed stone on top of the compacted dirt. Gravel should be 3/4 inch or smaller, and crushed stone should be 1/2 inch or smaller (780 CMR 5504.2.1). Between the gravel or stone and the wood, you should put a six-mil (0.15 mm) polyethylene moisture barrier with six-inch overlaps between the pieces of plastic (780 CMR 5504.2.2). (Warning: amateur reading of the building code.)
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? From this article http://burnettplumbing.com/tenways/; Step #6 talks about a sewage ejector pump: If you have a sewage ejector pump in your basement, plan for the fact that it will eventually fail. These pumps operate in a very harsh environment (submersed in sewage) and often fail after just a few years. Failure of your pump could mean sewage back-up in your basement. The risk of a damaging back-up is especially high if you have a water softener which drains into the sewage ejector system. If the softener regenerates while the ejector pump is not functioning, you could end up with up to 100 gallons of sewage backing up through the floor drain. All of this could happen at night while you are asleep, that is when most softeners regenerate. Consider installing an alarm in your sewage ejector tank. An alarm is designed to buzz loudly in the event of pump failure. Assuming you're home when this occurs, you should have ample time to shut-off your water before the sewage reaches flood level. Remember, alarms can fail too! It is best to NOT store valuable items on the basement floor if they could be damaged by water or sewage flooding.
Moisture/Dew on Roof in Morning I just had a new roof installed and it looks decent enough. They replaced my metal ventilation with some plastic vents, which is fine, but I'm not sure if it was enough. I had a two layers of asphalt shingles before. It was a pretty thick roof. Sometimes when I wake up in the morning, there is a very clear line of moisture that exists over the house, but not the garage. (it could be vice-versa, but I'm pretty sure it's over the house) This was not the way I remember it before. Now he's mumbling something about insulation, but none of that has changed. What should I do to verify that the proper amount of ventilation or types of vents were used? Is this even my problem at all?
Can you do electrical work yourself in the UK? I have been told that you are not allowed to do any electrical work yourself in the UK and need a qualifies sparkie to do it all. Is this true? What can you do yourself?
Can you do electrical work yourself in the UK? You can still do electrical work yourself. What you do need is to get a registered electrician to verify that what you've done is safe apart from some "minor" jobs like changing sockets or moving them a short distance. What you might find is that a lot of electricians won't verify your work, so you end up having to get them to do the job. I've found a check list on DIY Doctor of what you can do yourself and what jobs need to be notified and checked. Installation of an additional socket - Notification not required Installation of a new shower circuit - Notification required
Can you do electrical work yourself in the UK? You mentioned snow, and that's the only metric i know about. You want there to be more snow. When there is frost, or snow, on your roof - it should not be melting from the heat of your house. The attic is supposed to be insulated, but the roof is supposed to be not insulated. In my (southern Ontario) winters there will be frost on everyone's roof. If frost is melted where the roof joists are - i know their attics are not insulated enough (or the roof is over-insulated). In other words, this is bad: The roof is supposed to be freezing, just like the outside. Melting snow means that heat is leaking. Snow is how i know i can see when an attic is not sufficiently insulated, or the attic is not letting out enough heat, or the spaces between the rafters do not have those styrofoam channel things which let cold air reach the underside of the roof sheathing. But all you have to go on is moisture, and dew. i don't know how dew reacts with an under-insulated attic/over-insulated roof. i would assume everything's fine. i know that dark materials, while the best at absorbing heat, are also the best at releasing heat. i would think that the dark shingles have cooled off during the night, and water is condensing out on them. But if it's the middle of the (hot August) day, and the shingles are still so cold that water is condensing on them - then something has to be freezing your shingles. That would have to be your air-conditioning; leaking to your attic and roof. But insulation is not the job of the guy who replaced your shingles. And the fact that the roof can cool off enough during the night to allow condensation - makes me think that your attic is vented fine. i'd say not worry about it, and wait for fall and check for melting frost, or snow, come winter.
Buzz in my electronics I bought a house that had a lot of fluorescent lighting installed. The kitchen has four fixtures with 2 42" bulbs each. The front bathroom has a fixture. The garage has 12 fixtures. The shed has 8 fixtures. There are a lot of them. But I get a buzz in my electronics. Buzz on my computer. Buzz on my stereo. Et cetera. I have gotten around it on the stereo with a power conditioner. I think putting all the lights on one circuit will be troublesome since I think it would require rewiring most of the house. Is there anything I can do myself without hiring an electrician to do major work?
Buzz in my electronics I've found that electric (and especially coordless) trimmers arn't powerful enough to do the kind of edging I want (and especially since I don't cut the grass often enough). I don't like the noise (or the extra pollution from the two cycle engine that burns the oil and gas) but it was the only option . . . until now! My next trimmer will be propane powered! I saw a Craftsman version but I really like the ones y Lehr (although I don't like how they use the "eco" branding . . . looks too much like Echo, the maker of my current trimmer).
Buzz in my electronics It probably depends on climate as much as it does the square footage of your house but the general rule is one ton for every 400-500 square feet of house. There are a ton of other factors like vaulted ceilings and if you have dual pane windows and if you have 2x6 construction and therefor more insulation in the walls but for the most part none of that is going to factor into the unit. It goes more like this: Contractor: How big is your house? You: about 1900 square feet Contractor: I see the house is older You: Yeah, it was built in the 50s Contractor: 5 ton it is! or Contractor: How big is your house? You: about 1900 square feet Contractor: I see the house is newer You: Yeah, it was built in the 90s Contractor: 5 ton it is!
Buzz in my electronics you could use a Construction adhesive like Liquid Nails or Beats the Nail. This works well for cap stones, since they are usually not a structural part of the wall.
What are the pros and cons of Milgard vs Jeld-Wen windows? I am replacing old window. The new window will be 69 1/2 inches wide and 59 1/2 inches tall. I am thinking vinyl, two-vent slider (three equal sizes). Home Depot suggests Jeld Wen ($500) for vinyl. A contractor quoted me Milgard (not sure of the price since it includes labor). Is there any pros/cons to one brand or the other?
Replace rotting porch treads with trex? My front porch has some treads and the bottom riser are rotting out. I'd like to replace the surface with Trex if possible. Is it as simple as removing treads and risers and replacing with Trex boards?
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable My rear screened porch has some has 2x2s that hold the screens in place and many of them are rotted from moisture. It looks like they are plain old 2x4s that were ripped down (though I'm not sure) and then painted (poorly) with exterior paint. What type of wood and should I use to replace them? I do wish to paint them to match the rest of the house. Or can I use any good quality wood and prime and paint with a good paint?
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable As long as you make sure that the wood is isolated from the source of moisture as much as possible (or better still remove the source) then any decent quality wood properly primed and painted should be OK. I would also consider getting the wood treated first.
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable Can you isolate the problem to any specific lights? Of course, obvious question, but if all the lights are off does it go away? Does the buzzing get louder as you turn more lights on? It's possible that this is caused by older magnetic ballasts (which themselves typically buzz). You could try replacing just the ballasts with electronic ballasts, just be sure they are equivalent and pay attention to the difference in wiring. It may also mean that you need new bulbs, as you may not be able to find an electronic ballast with the same characteristics, but that's not maybe not terrible since T8 bulbs (1" diameter) are supposed to be better and more readily-available than T12 bulbs (1.5" diameter).
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable Cedar would be a good choice, if you want something untreated.
How do you remove the stick-on child safety locks from appliances? I have a few stick-on child safety locks, such as this one found on Amazon. When it comes time to remove them, what should I do to avoid destroying the finish on the appliances? They are stuck on really well and won't budge by hand.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? I live in Portland, OR. Rainy city. I will be expanding the deck at my house and in the process, I'm thinking I might upgrade to something nicer than pressure treated doug fir. I have a cousin that put in a Mahogany deck last year and it's really nice. The color and color variation really appeal to me. At the same time, my dentist told me about how he used IPE at his house and while it sounds like a pain to install, maintenance sounds to be a breeze, ie non-existent. If I want a long lasting, deck, that requires minimal sealing and such while still looking nice, what do you recommend?
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? If your deck won't be too large, you could build a free standing deck frame with 2x6's. 2x6 joists would be resting on doubled up 2x6 beams. Use 8" builders tubes 4' below grade with metal post holders sunk into concrete (the ones you have in your sketch). If you're using 4x4 post holders, they will be 3.5" actual and you can sandwich 1/2" pressure treated plywood between two 2x6's to get a snug fit.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? If the adhesive is 3M VHB (Very High Bond), which I think is what they use for the 'command strips', and it doesn't have a foam backing on it, you can just put firm pressure on it to try to twist it. Hold it there under pressure, and it'll slowly release and pop loose after a few seconds. If it's foam backed, this won't work, as the foam will absorb the force, keeping it from being applied to the adhesive. Depending on the condition of the surface, how well the surface was prepped, and how long it's been left on (which I'm guessing is months), it's possible it might damage things -- I've had a number of times when I've taken paint off of walls with the stuff. Hard plastics and shinier finishs seem to hold up, so most appliances should be okay.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? I picked up a basic Craftsman model at Sears a few months ago and have been very happy with it. The battery still holds enough charge to do the whole yard twice. Much easier to throw a battery on a charger for a couple hours than to have to mess around with a liquid fuel source. It's also quite light. Not as powerful as a gas model of course, but it gets the job done just fine!
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? If budget is not a concern, you could go mahogany or teak. If budget is a concern, I happen to like the look of the faux-wood polymer decking "boards" such as the PVC ones from Lowes. I'm sure there are several other brands/types, too.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? Try removing it first without removing the foam backing. You can dissolve the foam backing with constant application of WD-40 and scrubbing with a wet wash cloth. We had put some of that foam sticky tape on an old apartment door once and I found that by spraying it with WD-40 and scrubbing it, I was able to remove the foam tape and residue easily without removing any underlying paint or finish.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? I don't know about the cedar, but I built a screened porch a few years ago using standard PT lumber for posts and railings and painted it with a coat of primer and a coat of exterior latex pretty much as soon as it no longer appeared damp. Of course the 6X6 posts had been up and drying for a while at that point, probably 6 months or so. The railings were installed last and were probably only up for 2 or 3 weeks when they were painted. When we moved from that house earlier this year there were no problems with the paint, and that was after about 2 years. Interestingly, the only paint-related issue we had was some peeling on the existing deck railings, about 4 years old and never painted at that point, that I painted at the same time to match the new railings around the porch. I have no idea what caused it, but I can say that I didn't prepare this older wood at all and it probably could have used at least a good pressure washing prior to painting.
What are the red streaks in my toilet occasionally? What are the red streaks in my toilet occasionally? It seems to come from where the water flows when flushing and go around the bowl. Sometimes settling in the bottom where the little bit of water lies.
What are the red streaks in my toilet occasionally? Possibly rust. Is it just the toilet or do you get it from any of the other taps in the house? If it's just the toilet then look in the cistern to see if there's anything rusting in there. If it's not a close coupled toilet check the pipe between the cistern and the bowl. If there's red from any of the other taps in the house then the problem is with the supply.
How can I best seal this gutter to the flat rubber roof of my garage? I have a standalone garage built into the side of the hill. On top is a rubber roof that appears to be in decent shape. However, there is a gutter around the edges that is not sealed to the roof. Obviously I need to clean off the roof and under the flashing/gutter edge. Do I need to take it all off and redo it? Or can I just clean under and seal it with something? What do I use? Roofing tar?
How can I best seal this gutter to the flat rubber roof of my garage? This article suggests it might be a bacteria known as Serratia marcescen if you’ve noticed a pink or red slimy substance forming in your toilet bowl, you’re not alone. It is bacteria known as Serratia marcescens, according to Roxanne Johnson, North Dakota State University Extension Service water quality associate. You may find this bacterium in moist areas such as toilet bowls, sinks, tiles, shower stalls, bathtub enclosures and even your pet’s water dish. The bacteria will grow in places with materials containing phosphorus or fatty substances such as feces residues in your toilet or soap residue in a pet’s dish or the bathtub, shower and sink. Occasionally the pinkish film appears during and after new construction or remodeling activities. You see it more commonly when you have your windows open during the summer months. “I have observed this phenomenon form in the toilet bowl along the water line and at the openings where the water enters the toilet bowl, usually when I’m gone for a few days, or in my guest bathroom that isn’t used often,” Johnson says. “The bacteria survive there because the water sits for a period of time, with the chlorine dissipating as it stands,” she adds. “If you have an activated carbon filter on your water line, you are removing the chlorine and may be supporting the growth of the bacteria.” While the genus Serratia is not known to be a water-borne disease, it has been known to be pathogenic to some people, causing pneumonia, wound infections and urinary tract infections in some hospital settings. The bacteria are difficult to remove completely from your home, although the stains are removed easily with a general-purpose cleanser containing chlorine bleach. You also may add ¼ cup of bleach to the toilet tank, let it sit for 15 to 20 minutes and then flush the tank a few times to remove all of the bleach. Do not leave bleach sitting in your tank because it will damage rubber valves and seals. Johnson recommends you scrub with a brush and household cleaner to clean pet bowls, kitchen surfaces and bathroom sinks, bathtubs and showers. Follow this up with a strong chlorine bleach solution, leaving the bleach in contact with the surfaces for 10 to 20 minutes to disinfect the area. Then rinse well with water. To prevent the bacteria from developing, wipe down and dry all sinks and bathtubs after using them, and use a cleaning solution that contains bleach.
How can I best seal this gutter to the flat rubber roof of my garage? It should be just that simple, yes. I don't know if I would recommend the Trex brand though. They've had lots of problems in the past with mold issues. Not sure if those are still a concern or not, but you might want to think about another brand of composite decking.
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? I want to fit a fan in our bathroom. The easiest way to do this seems to be to drill down from the loft and put it in directly above the shower. I'm then considering running the vent (flex pipe) through the loft and tape it to the vents (already in the eaves). Can anyone say whether this is acceptable, or is it likely to create damp in the eaves?
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? You should use a separate outlet for the pipe as the existing vents won't be able to cope with the volume of air and you'll probably end up with steam in the loft. Did you buy a kit or separate components? If you've got a kit then there should be an outlet grille in that, if not you should be able to get one at the same place you bought the fan and flex pipe.
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? Trex composite decking looks really nice (though I'm sure it's expensive), and basically maintenance free.
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? Kilz is not anti-mold paint. Once the source of the moisture has been corrected, go to your local Home Depot and buy Concrobium fungicide spray. It's all natural and an encapsulant. It comes in a spray bottle. Follow the directions. This will kill the mold as well as prevent new mold from growing. Once that is done you can cover the area with Zinnser Bulls Eye 1-2-3 Waterbase Primer. The bulls eye IS mold and mildew resistant. If you have a lot of water stains you may want to go with something stronger like Zinnser Guardz, but Kilz will not help you out in the water stains or mold issue.
What kind of screws in to pressure treated plywood? I am making hurricane panels for my house using the technique described here. The plywood I purchased is pressure treated. The sliding bolts are zinc, so I assume the screws that came with them are also zinc. Is this ok, or should I be using different screws and/or bolts?
What kind of screws in to pressure treated plywood? I'm not a fan of the test kits. I recently had some mold issues and used a mail-in tape sample to test for mold. I did 8 samples for $50. I think 3 or 4 samples can also be done for lesser price. Here is the site I used: http://www.mold-control-on-a-budget.com/ (I'm not associated in any way to her but can vouch for her service and professionalism after using the tape sample service.)
What kind of screws in to pressure treated plywood? I have been happy with the walnut TimberTech Earthwood Composite Decking on our screen porch.
Roof stone tiles. How to fasten them? I am watching a TV program where they are restoring a ruin into a cottage. One thing that left me aghast is the fact that the roof was made with flat, very heavy stone tiles. Ater they rebuild the roof frame with wood, they put the tiles back on the wood by drilling the tiles and using a long nail down through the wood. It's just a matter of time that the nice british weather promotes rust on the nails and a 50 kg tile slides down to kill the poor chap walking by. I have no knowledge of roof restoration, even less with such unusual tiling, but what is the proper procedure to fasten them without breeding disaster ?
Roof stone tiles. How to fasten them? The other thing you can try is to put some bleach if your tank. It will kill any of the organics, which is potentially the cause of the red staining. The bleach also makes the bathroom smell nice, in my opinion. I do this about once every two months... 4 kids introduce lots of organics into a toilet :).
Roof stone tiles. How to fasten them? You can buy special metal brackets for roof tiles: Most of the roofs I have seen have used nails, and only in certain places, relying for the most part on the friction and weight of the roof tiles to hold them in place. Whether brackets are required depends on wind speed, wind direction, subroof type, roof angle, roof shape, height, and other factors. Regardless of whether you use brackets, nails, or screws, they must be stainless, galvanized, or otherwise protected from corrosion. Nails must have ring-threaded shanks. (Source: manufacturer's instructions for various roof tiles sold in Norway. Check your local building codes and the instructions provided by the manufacturer of your roof tiles.)
What kind of screws for crawl space vents? I'm removing one of the ancient crawl-space vents from my house in order to put in a wiring pass-thru plate. The old vent only had a couple screws on it and the new plate has a lot more holes... So, looks like I can't just reuse the couple screws I had. Is there standard type and size of screw used for this application? Also, should I put a bead of caulk around the opening before placing the plate?
What kind of screws for crawl space vents? They are not actually zinc, but zinc-coated steel, also known as galvanized steel. The treated-wood industry recommends the use of hot-dip galvanized or stainless steel fasteners for use with treated wood. Electroplated/electro-galvanized and mechanically-galvanized coatings should not be considered to be hot-dip galvanized. (Class 55, or higher, mechanical galvanizing provides galvanizing equivalent to the hot-dip galvanizing used on connectors and fasteners.) Source: Strong-Tie's pressure-treated wood FAQ, which has additional information about various kinds of pressure-treated wood, galvanized steel, and stainless steel.
What kind of screws for crawl space vents? Fluorescent lights emit Electromagnetic Pulse. This is likely affecting your electronics. Related article: Richard Box, an artist-in-residence at Bristol University’s physics department, was one of the first people to discover the phenomenon. He describes it below: A fluorescent tube glows when an electrical voltage is set up across it. The electric field set up inside the tube excites atoms of mercury gas, making them emit ultraviolet light. This invisible light strikes the phosphor coating on the glass tube, making it glow. Because powerlines are typically 400,000 volts, and Earth is at an electrical potential voltage of zero volts, pylons create electric fields between the cables they carry and the ground. Box denies that he aimed to draw attention to the potential dangers of powerlines, ˜For me, it was just the amazement of taking something that's invisible and making it visible,' he says. ˜When it worked, I thought: ˜This is amazing'
How to best clean the inlet vent screen on a microhood? Over the years, my microhood has developed a greasy buildup in the inlet vent screens on the underside of the microhood. They're an aluminum mesh that comes out easily with a label near it saying not to use harsh chemicals or excessive water. The verbiage stops short of recommending the best way to clean them.
How to best clean the inlet vent screen on a microhood? The best thing would be to look in the manufacturer's instructions which may be online if you don't have it handy. I don't understand what "excessive water" means other than that it may hold a little water if it's not thoroughly dry and if you try to operate it some will be pulled into the fan which wouldn't be good. I would take it outside and wash it thoroughly in a pan or bucket of very hot water using some liquid dish detergent (Dawn, for example). Then thoroughly rinse it. Shake as much water out as you can and allow it to dry in the sun for a few hours. Check it carefully before re-installing.
Why would you use copper over CPVC or PEX? Are there any advantages to using copper rather than CPVC or PEX?
Why would you use copper over CPVC or PEX? Copper has a well-proven track record Copper parts are more readily-available and it's easier to repair (eg, don't need the expensive crimping tool like with PEX) Safer during fires since it is much more resistant to heat and giving off fumes That said, I am a huge fan of PEX. It's been around for quite a few years now (though obviously nowhere near as long as copper), and for the most part is proven. Pex is cheaper (in both material and labor costs), Pex is easier to install, with many less connections required (eg, try doing a long straight run through a wall or perpendicular through joists - PEX slides right in, copper requires a ton of little segmented pieces and couplers) Pex can look better when properly installed (when not properly secured, it sags, and because of the forgiving nature, you can have crooked lines and non-right angles).
How do I fix a pocket door wheel track? I have a pocket door that keeps falling off its track. The metal track has become warped and bent down in just one or two areas. When I slide the door along the track and the front wheel goes over these areas, the wheel falls out of the track and the door gets stuck. I cannot see how I can remove the track because the door is always hanging off of some part of it and the track is screwed to the top inside of the pocket. I've searched for a tool to do this, but have not found anything. Is there such a tool designed specifically for it, or is there another technique to fix this annoying problem?
How do I fix a pocket door wheel track? I ended up using degreaser and it worked better than I thought. First, remove the vent screens. In a sink, I sprayed liberal amounts of degreaser on both sides and let sit for a couple minutes. Spray down with water and repeat cleaning if necessary. Dry on a towel. Afterwards, they looked like new. I guess sometimes the simplest approach is best; don't overthink the situation.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain I would like to have my own little waterfall inside my house. I find the flowing water very soothing and relaxing. I have seen a couple of "desktop" water fountains, and that is the rough idea, now I just want to scale that up several notches. The size I would like to go for is probably about 1m cube (so 1 meter wide by 1 meter tall by a meter deep) What do I need, where do I start? I thought as a good starting point is to get a nice photo of a real life waterfall and try to build that?
Building indoor water feature / water fountain The basics you'll need are a watertight container to receive the water, a pump and something for the water to fall out of. There might be an "outdoor" water feature that you could use. If it doesn't come with a suitable base you'll have to find something to sit it in.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain I've built something similar for outdoor use, but it could just as easily have been an indoor fountain. The easiest way to construct it is from pottery, preferably something non-porous. If you go to a Garden Ridge or big box hardware store you should be able to find a good selection of pots, and it usually works out well to buy multiple sizes of the exact same style of pot so you can layer them. It is best if the largest/bottom pot doesn't have a drain hole on it. The more "falls" you have in the fountain, the more you will get that nice waterfall sound. You will also, of course, need to get a fountain pump (also available at the HW store), and some decorative rocks to fill each of the pots. I really like the black smooth river-stone type. You could probably also create a pretty cool effect by adding a rain chain to the design.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain I've got Milgard in my house and have been very pleased. There was one window that after about 8 months became difficult to open. I called up their service and they sent a guy to my house the next day and it was fixed all for free. Their windows come with a lifetime warranty, though as I'm writing this I'm not sure if it is for the original owner or if it follows in a sale. The double pane helped tremendously with noise reduction too.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain Regarding your question on tools to remove the track, this article (Natural Handyman - How To Repair and Adjust Pocket Doors) says: Many pocket doors can be adjusted with special tools from around the top of the pocket frame with the door in a partially closed position. These tools are often specially angled wrenches designed to fit into that little gap. These tools are part of the assembly kit supplied with the pocket door, but are rarely given to homeowners by the builders. Without these proprietary tools, you have to improvise with or modify standard tools. If you can't get to the warped part of the track with any tool that you have (or can find), then you will need to cut a hole in the wall for access. This article (Ask the Builder - Fixing a Pocket Door) has a great description of how to get access to the track. The article talks about replacing the track but it also gives a warning that if the new track is not the exact same dimensions then the little project will become much bigger. So you will have to make a decision to cut the wall to get access to the screws to replace the track or just to get to the warped section of the track. A quote from the article: Remove the door from the pocket and take it off the track. Use a flashlight and peer up into the pocket cavity. There is a good chance you will see the screws that fasten the track to the frame. It is now time to cut an access hole on one side of the pocket wall. This hole will allow you to get your hand or arm into the pocket so that you can loosen and remove the screws and subsequently the track.
What are the uses of the various schedules of PVC pipe? I had a plumber come out the other day to do some work and I offered up some spare PVC that I had leftover from various projects and he told me that it was schedule so-and-so and wouldn't be appropriate/durable for the task I had in mind. I had never even paid attention to the fact that PVC pipes came in different "Flavors" or schedules and always just grabbed whatever I came upon first that was the right size. Kinda scary thinking about all the DIY projects I have used it on. So can someone give me a brief summary of the different schedules of PVC pipes available and what each one should be used for?
What are the uses of the various schedules of PVC pipe? I've had a few SharkBite connectors installed for a couple years without any leaks. They are pricey but save a lot of time when trying to make repairs or otherwise plumb in tight spaces. In fact, I've seen more leaks from improper solders that then have to be re-soldered than I have from SharkBites, primarily because tight spaces can inhibit applying the torch/flame correctly.
Are water heater blankets a good idea? Is it a good idea to wrap a water heater in insulation? Does it lower the heating cost? Does it shorten the life of the water heater?
Are water heater blankets a good idea? The schedule is the wall thickness of the pipe (essentially how much pressure it can withstand). Wikipedia has a Nominal Pipe Size Table (and the article goes into the description of the size and the why behind them). From this article http://www.ehow.com/facts_5575151_difference-between-schedule-schedule-pipe.html: For a relatively constant pipe outside diameter, the wall thickness varies from Schedule 10 (light) to Schedule 40 (standard weight) to Schedule 80 (extra strong) to Schedule 160 (double extra strong). Schedule 40 pipe is typically used in construction. However, if a stronger pipe is needed, then Schedule 80 can be used. An example where Schedule 80 should be considered is if the pipe is exposed during construction. The stronger pipe is more resistant to incidental bumping by workers or equipment. In my house the line that runs out to my irrigation system and the sewer pipe are all schedule 40 (the schedule is usually printed on the pipe).
Are water heater blankets a good idea? A lot of water heaters (that I've seen anyway) are in unheated spaces -- basements, garages, attics (in some countries). The rate at which you lose heat from the water depends mainly on two things: the difference in temperature between the water and the outside environment. The greater the difference, the faster the heat loss. the R-value of the insulation between the water and the environment: the higher, the better. The tank will provide some insulation, but adding a blanket for another layer of insulation will definitely help. How much it will help depends on the temperature of the water and the environment the tank is in. (The surface area of the tank is also a factor in the rate of heat loss. While adding a blanket will increase the surface area, the savings by having the extra insulation will more than offset the loss the extra area will provide). If anything, insulating should lengthen the life of the heater because it wouldn't have to work as hard maintaining the water at the set temperature.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? We have an attic I'd like to use as an extra room. The frame of the house is solid 2x8" beams and i'm told that the weight is not a problem there. The attic framing is just a typical framing though. Can I reinforce it with joists and have it hold up a typical load of furniture and people? I'm not going to put the family safe up there, but i would like to make the attic useful without tearing the roof off.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? You should consult an architect or engineer.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? You can but, ... it's a one way street. Once you paint it, you'll never be able to scrape it off. So think carefully before you paint it.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? Holding a cell phone next to a powered speaker can cause the speaker to play the data that the phone receives periodically from a cell tower because the wires act as antennas. I wrapped the battery module for my old Bose noise quieting headphones with tin foil, and the really loud buzzing from my phone stopped. I have seen more electronic equipment come with a power cord that includes a toroidal choke or ferrite bead inductor that helps eliminate some of the buzz that might leak into a device by way of the various wires connected to it. What you may need to do is add ferrite beads to you AC power cords, and perhaps improve the RF shielding to some of your electronics gear.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? Try taking Vitamin B1 (thiamine); there's something in there that, I'm told, female mosquitoes do not like and steer clear when you have enough of it. Many people swear by this, some swear at this, so your mileage may vary, and it is not an instant-on solution when it does work.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? This is one of those questions that is tough to answer without actually seeing the attic, there may be more issues here with turning this in to a living space than just will it hold the load. There are codes to what can and cannot be a livable space, because of this I would consult a contractor and/or engineer.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? In Massachusetts, attic floors must support at least 30 lbs/ft² live load (the same as bedroom floors) if the attic is accessed by means of a fixed stairway (780 CMR 5502.3.1). Use a span table to determine the necessary joist dimensions, given their span length, spacing, wood species, and grade. For example, if your floor joists are 2x6 spaced 16 inches o.c., they can then be between 8'5" and 10'11" depending on the wood species and grade (780 CMR Table 5502.3.1(1)). Uninhabitable attics with limited storage need only support a live load of 20 lbs/ft² (780 CMR Table 5802.4(2)).
How do I reinforce the attic floor? I had this problem in my very old house - it actually burned out my stereo. Some circuits were showing the buzz and others were not. I had to test them by plugging my television and my stereo into different circuits before everything worked. i never did fix it- i think in my case it came from through the step down transformer which is pretty old. in my case i would get the buzz whether the kitchen floursecents were on or off.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? When the gas company came out to replace the flexible hosing on our water heater I asked them about the blankets and they said that, as a policy, they recommend against them. I asked if the insulation would matter and he said only if we had the water heater outside. And then it would make more sense to build a very small enclosure around it. Weird.
Dresser/Chest with convex front I'm contemplating building a dresser and am looking at designs and such to get my creative juices flowing. Today I noticed that some dressers/chests have concave or outwardly curving drawers on the front face. Usually I can figure out how to do most woodworking feats, but I'm not sure about this one. Some ideas I have: By hand with a planer/sander Some sort of CNC planer that makes curves Steam the wood and bend to shape Here's a picture of what I'm talking about: Can anyone shed some light on this?
Dresser/Chest with convex front I think steam bending is supposed to be the easiest method. For bends around corners it may help to cut slats into the back (concave) side. A Google search for "bend wood" returns a number of howtos.
Dresser/Chest with convex front Build up the piece in layers. It's a lot easier to bend a thin sheet of wood, then bending say a 3/4" piece. The basic idea here is to create an arched piece of plywood. Start with a thin sheet of wood 1/8" to 1/4" depending on the type of wood, and the finished pieces thickness. soak the sheet in water until it is pliable. Using clamps or a jig, bend the sheet past the desired arc (the board will lose some of the bend when the clamps are removed). Let dry, or heat and let cool. Repeat this procedure with as many sheets as it takes to get your final thickness, making sure each sheet fits perfectly over the previous one. Using glue and some clamps glue all the pieces together to form a single piece. Trim to size, sand, and finish.
Dresser/Chest with convex front For more detailed information on wiring sizes, you should also check out the National Electrical Code at your local library (in the U.S.) Pretty much every state and municipality has adopted it as the starting point for their electrical requirements. Your locality may have additional requirements as well, though (for example, Chicago requires ALL electrical wire be run in nonflammable conduit). There are a lot of rules regarding box sizes, where to fasten cable, how long wires have to be once inside the box, etc.- all for fire safety reasons. Off-topic, but all basement circuits except for a sump pump need to have GFCIs installed too.
Dresser/Chest with convex front The only way to get an accurate figure for your area is to call a bunch of electricians near you, and they won't be able to give you a really accurate number without seeing it. They should be able to give you a range, though. The sump pump should be on its own 20A circuit without a GFCI. (GFCI may now be required by NEC 2008 edition. Will update when I know for sure.) The lights and outlets can stay on the same circuit if the outlets have GFCI protection. They're probably going to want to move the microwave to a different circuit while they're at it- unrelated locations really shouldn't share a common circuit. If they are making any modifications to a circuit that has anything not allowed by the current electrical code (which it does), they will have to make it all correct.
Dresser/Chest with convex front Be sure to check local codes. My county, Geauga County, OH, requires all wiring be rated at 20A, so we cannot use 14 gauge (white romex). All the other posts are correct though that this will be all that you need to worry about unless you are doing something larger in your basement.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? I've been told that water-heaters build up sediment at the bottom over time, and should be flushed out (ie. drained, then allowed to refill). Is there value in this exercise? Does that value exceed the cost of the hot water lost in the process?
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? It's part of the recommended maintenance for the heater, so there's definitely value in it. No matter how clean your water supply, there's always going to be some amount of sediment getting through, sand and grit or dissolved minerals. As the water sits in the heater's tank, that can settle out and build up on the bottom of the tank. How much does it cost to heat a 50gal water tank from the temperature the of the water mains? 50gal = 50*3.785 = 189.25 L. Specific heat of water is 4.186 J/g/°C, so it will take 4.186 * 1000 * 189.25 = 792.2 kJ to raise all the water in the tank by 1°C. Assume the water comes in at 50°F/10°C and your water heater is set for 150°F/66°C, so you need 792.2 * 56 = 44.363 MJ. One unit or kWh of electricity has 3.6 MJ and electric water heaters are around 90% efficient these days, so you need about 13.5 kWh to heat the water to your set point. In my area, electricity costs are about 10¢/kWh, so it would cost about $1.35 to flush and reheat the water tank. You only need to do it about once a year (and you could maybe get away with doing it less often if you had very clean water and lived in a soft-water area). Over the life of a water heater, you're looking at less than $20; compare that with the $100s that a new water heater costs. Besides, won't you feel better knowing you don't have all that gunk in the bottom of your water heater? :)
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? You are most likely hosed. It's highly unlikely you'd find a usable ground wire if your receptacles are not grounded. Don't use the cheater adapters if the box isn't grounded- they're not safe. If an appliance has a ground prong, it's not double-insulated, meaning there are places on it you could touch and possibly be electrocuted if your body is a better path to ground than whatever else it's touching. It needs to be on a grounded circuit. We skipped over several apartments and houses for lack of grounded outlets.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? 3M caulk remover works wonders- if it's compatible with your tub. It didn't eat our fiberglass tub, but it did eat the acrylic surround. Basically, you throw it on and leave it sit for a few minutes to soften up the old caulk, then scrape.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? Do not use lamp cord to extend a circuit to a new outlet! The wire is neither big enough, insulated enough, or grounded. It's illegal everywhere, and I wouldn't consider it to be safe. Use Wiremold with standard electrical wire. That's why the product exists.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? Plywood generally doesn't sag permanently unless it's been wet for an extended period of time. Can you get into the attic to check for water stains around those areas?
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? Engineered hardwood flooring is what you're looking for. It's a thin layer of real wood bonded to a backer and pad. They snap together tounge-and-groove style. You may be able to install it directly over your existing floor, but you'll have to check with the manufacturer of the particular product to see if that is an allowable installation method.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? I believe there are cement products that will cure in water, however I would wait until the winter. Cold is not a problem here, except for your fingers. And you can always find a day in the middle of winter when the temperature is quite moderate. Find a high strength patch filler. Make sure that it attaches solidly to the existing hole. If possible, I would drill some holes into the sides of this hole, then put some non-rusting (brass, aluminum, etc.) bar stock into the hole so that it sticks out into the void area. The idea is to put a set of fingers into the cement patch area to prevent this patch from popping out.
How do I install a jump duct? Our master bedroom is considerably warmer than the living/dining/kitchen area of our house, and we've been setting the thermostat quite lower than we'd like in order for the bedroom to get cool enough at night to sleep in. Upon exiting the bedroom in the morning, we've practically got to bundle up due to how cold the rest of the house is. One suggestion we got was to install a return vent above the door, which we don't want to do because of the loss of privacy. Another suggestion was to install a jump duct in the ceiling inside and outside of the bedroom, which appeals to both my wife and me. What is the correct way and what are the materials required to install a jump duct so as to maximize air circulation while not leaking any cold air into the attic?
How to self-remediate mold? We had some water damage recently (leaky toilet supply line) that flooded an upstairs bedroom and the room immediately below it. We had all the drywall torn out in anticipation of rebuilding and had a mold test done. Despite the water being around for only a few hours before being discovered and removed, and there being no visible mold when the drywall was removed, elevated levels of mold spores were found in the air test. Specifically, Aspergillus/Penicillium and Syncephalastrum (12k and 1k spores, respectively, compared to 0 in the outside air). The company wants several thousand dollars for remediation. I'd like to think there's a safe, reliable way for this to be done by the homeowner without spending a fortune. I remember countless homes in my neighborhood back during the last major hurricane having tons of visible mold and nobody hiring professionals to take care of it. What's the best way to go about doing this ourselves?
How to self-remediate mold? The options here are Cut the drawer faces from thick stock on a bandsaw. This is wasteful of wood, but an option if the faces are not too heavily curved. You can easily find 8/4 stock to start from for a mild curve, ending with a 3/4 inch thick drawer face. Glue it up from layers of veneer. Essentially, build your own plywood for the drawer faces, gluing it into shape on a form. Or use thicker layers (1/8 or 1/4 inch thick perhaps) steaming them if necessary to make them sufficiently pliable. Thinner layers may become sufficiently pliable just by dipping them in water. Steam bending. It may be difficult to bend such a wide piece of wood, or to steam it enough to be pliable. Some woods will bend more easily than others. Shallow kerf cuts on the back face will help if you cannot get enough of a bend on practice pieces. Many clamps and a strong form will be useful tools here. Veneer. Here you would start with a stable substrate of your desired shape, gluing down a thin layer of a valuable wood on top. For a curved surface, a vacuum bag is probably useful to get it to form to the surface. This is a good approach for very expensive woods, such as a rosewood face for the drawers. Of these options, I would recommend options 1 or 2, depending on what sources of wood you have available, and the desired extent of the curvature of the drawer faces.
How can I finish this "peeled" drywall? While doing some work in my bathroom, one thing led to another and paint started peeling. I found that under many layers of paint was some wallpaper so it seemed natural to pull... I started peeling it off like crazy, in huge pieces before I realized that what was left behind was not so nice: drywall with its paper peeled off. It looks like part of the drywall's paper has come off, leaving a rough, fuzzy, roughish surface (that's about 1ft2). Question: how do I fix this? I might be able to scrape/sand it down smooth enough to paint...maybe. Another option is to hang some wallpaper. I do not want to go down to the studs and hang new drywall. UPDATE: I said I didn't want to go down to the studs...but that's what I ended up doing. It was not as hard as I expected but did add a lot of time and cost to the project. I couldn't have done it without YouTube :).
How can I finish this "peeled" drywall? I don't think sanding the surface will produce a surface good enough to paint. It's certainly a lot of effort for uncertain results. If the underlying surface is very rough it might still show through the wall paper, unless it's very thick (1000 gsm lining paper for example) or you do some sanding. The best answer might be to continue to peel off the paper and then skim the wall with plaster. Depending on your plastering skills you might want to get a professional in. The result should be good enough to paint.
How do I prepare an already painted wall for new paint? We are repainting a number of rooms in our home, do we need to put primer over the existing paint? Are there any other gotchas that we need to prepare for before repainting the walls?
How do I prepare an already painted wall for new paint? No, in general, you don't need to prime existing paint. To prepare for repainting: wash the wall to remove any grease. fill any holes and cracks with suitable filler, possibly using flexible filler for cracks. sand and prime the filled areas - priming will seal the filler and keep it in place. You might want to sand and reprime the whole wall to avoid a patchy look. repaint the wall with at least two coats of your new colour. If the cracks are large you might want to check there's no current problem. New houses will settle quite a bit when first built and there'll even be some movement in older homes. If you are painting over a dark colour with a light colour you might need more than 2 coats to stop the previous colour showing through. If that's the case then using a primer or basic white matt emulsion for the first coat (or two if it's really dark) is a more cost effective option than using the more expensive coloured paint for all the coats. Unfortunately you don't always find that out in time. Paint in full daylight - especially for the final coat - so you can see where you've been and be methodical.
How do I prepare an already painted wall for new paint? A question - were there elevated spore levels in the rest of the house? It sounds like you disturbed something removing the old drywall. If that's the case you might be OK. You need to identify the source. Once you've done that you can usually deal with the problem yourself. The hard part is going to be identifying the source. Mould is usually caused by condensation on the walls, which in turn is caused by poor ventilation and insulation. So there's warm, damp air in the room which when it comes in contact with the cold wall forms condensation. If there was no visible mould before removing the drywall, then you should be all right - but I'm not an expert so please don't quote me on that. When you replace the drywall make sure you install adequate insulation and ventilation in the room and then perhaps test again for spores before decorating. If the levels are still high then you'll need to do more investigation.
is there a trick to installing "lock and fold" flooring? I am doing a small installation of lock and fold flooring and find that the pieces don't want to sit flat, they curve up from the floor somewhat. I am tempted to push harder on them, but don't want to break the tongue off. Should I be using a rubber mallet to set the pieces together or is that too heavy handed for this stuff, it isn't very thick and it was expensive so I really want to be careful. Does anyone have any tips for installing this type of flooring? It is turning out to be a little more hassle than they advertised on the display in the store.
is there a trick to installing "lock and fold" flooring? If you don't want to go the plaster route (per ChrisF), you could try painting a thick coat or two of primer (which should, in theory, absorb a bit into and stabilize the surface), then sand that a bit before another coat of primer and then paint over it. If you just try to sand what you've got, you'll never see the end - that's just not going to go smooth no matter how much you sand. You've got to effectively 'glue down' the surface bit. Plaster would definitely work, but I think primer might do OK too.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? Can anyone explain how electrical amperage associates to device wattage? From what I understand amperage is the amount of electrical current running through the circuit (if I imaging the AC current as a sine wave, then the amplitude is the distance from the base line to the peak of the sine wave. Though this gets a bit more complex with RMS amplitude). As far as I understand wattage, that's the power consumption of a device in a given time unit. So for example my oven is a 12 kiloWatt oven. Which means it'll consume 12 kiloWatts every hour? Is that right? So my question is, why is my oven on a 30 amp circuit when it's 12 kW, and my 8kW shower is on a 45 amp circuit? Oh yes, I'm in the UK by the way so 240 Volts into the house.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? Good question. I don't think I have a direct answer but here's some information that may lend itself to an answer. Watts = Amps * Volts For example, a 30 amp dedicated circuit to your oven * 120 volts (U.S. houses often have somewhere between 110 and 120 volts coming in) = 3,600 watts delivered to your oven. Hmm... 45 amps to your shower (water heater) * 120 volts = 5,400 watts to your shower. Something isn't adding up since you said your oven is rated at 12,000 watts and shower at 8,000 watts. Even if you live outside the US and get 240 volts that would double your wattage but that's still not enough. Either way, I suspect that what you're seeing is not that higher wattage devices need lower current (amps). I think there are two factors at play: Higher wattage devices generally need higher current because it's hard to multiply a fixed voltage (110 to 240) by a low current (amps) and get a high wattage. You need high current to get high wattage. Some devices, like electric ovens and water heaters, need especially high current so that they can very quickly heat up an element. Perhaps a water heater just needs especially high current to heat a high volume of water even when compared to an oven which only has to heat a relatively low volume of air. Disclaimer: I'm not an electrician so I may be way off.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? You likely answere your own question -- wattage is Voltage times Amperage. What you might not know is that in higher wattage situations, they'll typically run a higher voltage (eg. 220V) circuit, so it's possible that the 30Amp circuit is actually getting more total power than the 45Amp circuit. But those aren't your only considerations when sizing the breakers -- motors tend to draw about 50% over whatever their rating is when they first kick on. You can either place them on a high-rated circuit, or you can put them on a 'slow trip' fuse (or circuit breaker) that won't trip the instant it sees a surge; naturally, this is not something you want to install in a wet area where you'll need a GFI breaker. Because of this, particularly if they're going to be installed in wet area (where you don't want to use a slow-trip), you'll see higher than expected breakers for anything with a compressor, pump, or other motor.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? I can think of a few possible problems: The floor wasn't flat to start with. You typically put down an underlayment of some sort, which will deal with some floor imperfections, but it's not 100% perfect. Something managed to get under the flooring when you weren't looking. (those little plastic things yout put against the wall being a prime culprit, but those are pretty obvious when it's happened). There's something in the grove of flooring. As part of the manufacturing, a little wood chip might get in the track, which prevents it from seating correctly and locking down. Odds are, it's #3 -- it doesn't take much. Inspect the board that you're trying to place, to see if there's any imperfections in the board along the grove, then take a look at the place you're trying to lay it into. One the last floor I helped installed, we got in the habit of looking at all edges of the board before laying them, and pulling off any bits that were flaking that might cause problems later. We also found that putting the board in the groove, then running it back and forth a few times would make them more likely to sit down on the first try (I'm not sure if it knocked out debris, or ground it down so it was small enough to not be a problem).
How to create an fast and easy dimmable lamp? I want to connect this plug to this socket using this dimmer. I have AWG 16 wire... how would I do this? I have very little experience with electrical work
How to create an fast and easy dimmable lamp? I assume the 16 AWG is just 2-wire lamp cable with no ground, so I wouldn't use that plug end. Just use a 2-prong connector. Make sure you use an Underwriter's Knot on the plug end. That dimmer is only designed to be mounted in a box in the wall, so you wouldn't want to use it for a lamp. They do make lamp dimmers that just plug into the wall on one end, and the lamp on the other. I got one for our baby's room for when he wakes up at night; it works pretty well. However, without a switch on the lamp, there's no other way to turn it on/off. There are lamp dimmer units that go directly in the lamp instead of plugging in; otherwise, you should use a lamp holder with a switch on it. The black (hot) wire on the lamp holder connects to the smaller connector on the plug end. Use wire nuts to connect the lamp cord to the lamp holder. Twist them clockwise (looking at the top of the wire nut, opposite the wires)- to the right.
Does PEX require home runs? I've been told that PEX requires home runs to a manifold (or star topology, to borrow from networking) to maintain the same flow rate/pressure as copper. Anyone else heard this?
Does PEX require home runs? (Both of those circuits are 240V- 2 hot wires on a double-pole breaker. U.S. power used to be 110V per leg, then 115; now it's 120.) The oven wattage is inflated. 30A circuit * 2 * 120V = 7,200W. Any more than that for an extended period of time, and the breaker will trip. You aren't getting 12,000W to it unless your breaker has failed, and then you'd be at risk of an electrical fire. Since the oven is heating air, it needs a lot less average power than something that's heating water- water requires a ton of energy to raise its temperature. Hence the smaller wire to the oven.
Does PEX require home runs? Primer/paint will not work. It will be lower than the surrounding surface. It will not "fill in" (I've tried). Try a skim coat of joint compound over the affected area to get it level. If it doesn't work, you'll have to replace the drywall. Good luck!
Does PEX require home runs? As PEX is just the material the pipes are made out of, you should need exactly the same configuration as you would if you were using copper. I would have thought that the only way the flow rate would be affected would be if the tube has a significantly different internal diameter.
Does PEX require home runs? Priming is best. If you have to do two coats of paint to cover the old color, why not use a good primer or primer/sealer and one coat of a good paint? Most people will say otherwise, but primer will stick to old paint a lot better than new paint will. I recommend wiping the walls down with a damp cloth first, but it's a lot of work, and I've never done it to a wall that wasnt't obviously filthy. Use one coat of primer and one coat of paint. Never ask a paint to do a primer's job!
Does PEX require home runs? Is the bedroom on the same level as the rest of the rooms, or is it above and the heat is rising? Either way, you don't want to go up into the uninsulated attic, and in the opposite direction of where the furnace is. You want to go down.
Does PEX require home runs? PEX is generally run to a manifold, but there are adapters that let you connect it to existing copper pipe. However, it's so easy to run that I'd just do it the nice way.
Does PEX require home runs? Blankets are almost always recommended by people who do energy efficiency stuff. I would use one on an electric water heater, but I'm not comfortable using one on a gas unit. Ask the manufacturer of yours. They will probably say it voids the warranty. If it's out of warranty, then it won't matter.
How do you locate roof leaks? Sometimes the source of a roof leaks is difficult to find. The best approach that I've found for locating the leak is to have someone watch where the water is coming into the house (may be easiest if this can be done in an attic) and have a second person spray the roof with a hose. Spray first at lower elevations and keep spraying the same spot for at least a minute to give the water a chance to make it inside. If the water doesn't show up inside then work your way along the roof at the same elevation. Then work your way from the bottom to the top until water starts coming in. The source of the leak is likely close to the spot you're spraying or where you sprayed last. What techniques have you found useful?
How do you locate roof leaks? You can seal that gap quite effectively with a product called Eternabond - it's very popular in the RV world to seal roof seams, vents, windows, etc. Simple to work with (it's basically like a roll of tape), waterproof and very durable. Eternabond Website Good source for Eternabond
How do you locate roof leaks? Obviously, the pump can't keep up with the amount of water pouring in. As mohlsen said, the outlet hose is way too small. I've never seen one < 1.5" diameter. It needs to be a lot bigger than it is. If that doesn't solve the problem completely, you probably need to upgrade to a larger sump pump. If you have frequent power outages when it rains, you need a sump pump with a battery backup. Not a UPS- those aren't designed to handle motor loads. You want a combo sump pump that has a secondary pump with a battery/charger combo. The only issue is where to locate the battery, since your pump is outdoors. Usually the battery box & electronics mount on the wall above the pump when it's installed in the basement. A 5 gallon pail may not cut it for fitting both pumps in there- you may have to upgrade to a proper sump pit (which you should do anyway). Also, make sure your discharge is far enough away that the water can't run back down there.
How do you locate roof leaks? The proper way to fix it is to dig- all the way down to 6" below the bottom of the foundation- then install drain tile & gravel. Coat the outside of the walls with tar, then install plastic protector sheets so it doesn't get damaged by the backfill. Condensation could still be an issue- perhaps installing closed-cell foam around the outside (say, 2-4" thick) would insulate the walls enough to avoid it? You shouldn't use DRYLOK; it won't fix the problem anyway. Water will just fill up the cinder blocks until it finds an opening. The roof is definitely an issue as well. I'd rip that rubber off, pull off the flashing & gutters, re-do all of the eaves (since water has to be running right under the flashing and soaking the wood frame), then reinstall flashing & gutters, and shingle the roof (since I don't know how to install a rubber roof correctly).
How do you locate roof leaks? I have a $300 Dewalt 18v hammer drill with a 1/2" chuck I bought back in 2003 or so. It works great, but it's heavy. The brushes are worn out- I have to pick up some replacements. I use it for everything though. There are definitely lighter ones out there now. Milwaukee also makes very good stuff. Make sure you get a drill that's well-balanced. Mine is fairly long and has the handle all the way to the back- which makes holding it level for any period of time difficult. Most these days have the handle shifted forward a bit to center the load over it. Make sure you get something with lithium ion batteries. I have 2 (NiMH?) batteries, and they're both pretty much shot (although they are old).
Where can I find a replacement green colored porcelain toilet? Do any of the manufacturers still make green colored porcelain toilets? The existing one is an American Standard model probably from the 60's and it is green porcelain. Most of the bathroom is green tile so I don't think a white replacement would look right, but it seems that none of the manufacturers I have looked at make green colored toilets anymore. Any ideas?
Where can I find a replacement green colored porcelain toilet? If you install a GeneralAire G99 Air Filter Gage, it will tell you exactly when your air filter needs to be changed. It can be found for < $20 online. I don't have one, but I've thought about it... After doing a bit of research, I've decided to change mine every 3 months. I don't use the cheapest filters, but I don't get the incredibly expensive ones, either.
Can paint/hardware stores match stain like they do paint? I know you can take a color sample to a paint store (or some hardware stores) and get them to match it and mix you up a custom batch. Is a similar service provided anywhere for stain? The color charts from the stain manufacturers sometimes help, but often don't have an exact match for what I am looking for. I know that stain is somewhat of an inexact science, and I'd probably need to provide an unstained sample piece of wood for the type I intend to use it on, but it sounds at least marginally possible to get custom stains based on a color sample you are trying to match. Am I asking for the moon, or is there some source that provides a service like this?
Can paint/hardware stores match stain like they do paint? I found this place on the net that has a lot of vintage plumbing. They had some green sinks and soap dishes and a pink toilet. I didn't see a green toilet, but it looks like they do a lot of salvage work and their inventory changes frequently. Might be worthwhile to drop them an e-mail and have them notify you if one comes in. Historic House Parts Also, you could try online classified sites like e-bay. Here is an add for a turquoise/green toilet. As to the thought of installing a monstrosity like that, may God have mercy on your soul. =)
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? How do you reduce the sound transmission through a floor? Using "green glue" between a couple layers of plywood subfloor seems to work well. Are there any other tricks or suggestions?
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? Insulate between the floor joists.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? I very much doubt they could match as well as they do with paint. You could probably get close, if you're asking someone who knows what they're talking about and has experience working with various types of stains and woods.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? Short of replacing the drywall, you can do a skim coat as others have suggested. However, be careful - if you do too thick of a coat, the paper will absorb too much moisture and will bubble underneath the mud/plaster. You'll then have to sand it down, cut out the bubbled section, and skim again. Trust me, I've done this and dealt with that exact problem. Just use a thin coat, sand it smooth, and if necessary add another coat. You can then texture, prime, and paint.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? You could also use a "sticky" cord management solution, such as the options on these options from 3M or others, such as this one on Amazon from GE.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? Carpet + underlay works well. If you are laying laminate flooring then using a laminate underlay is a good idea too.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? PEX uses fittings that have a smaller inside diameter than the tubing, unlike copper where the fitting ID is typically the same as the tubing. That smaller ID is going to reduce your flow rate vs. copper if you have a lot of fittings between the source and your fixture, as you might in a non-home-run situation where fixtures are teed off a main trunk. In a properly installed system, this will be countered somewhat by using larger diameter tubing for that trunk line. So that's the theory, but in practice I can tell you that I've now lived in two houses that were plumbed in non-home-run PEX and never had problems with reduced flow in the remote fixtures. Both of these houses used 3/4" PEX for the trunk and 1/2" PEX for the branch lines.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? I would buy something close and tint it yourself. You can run sample swatches on scraps of your unfinished lumber and stop when you get it right. This will also allow you to experiment with different techniques to see which is the best match, e.g. how long to let the stain soak in before wiping it off. See http://www.ehow.com/way_5938323_can-add-tint-wood-stain_.html
What sort of things should one look for in a water-softener? Hard water (from a well) at the house, and I was wondering what to look for in terms of getting a water-softener, or things to avoid.
What kind of wall material should be used in wet areas in a bathroom? I'm replacing a one piece fiberglass tub with a two piece (tub + surround) unit. In the bathroom right now, there's just drywall, no special material. Should I replace the drywall with greenboard, or with a cement board material (i.e. Durock)? How many feet adjacent to the but should be replaced with one of those two materials? Should I also replace the material behind the vanity with one of those two?
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? What are the best ways to test for water quality in your house? The water is from a well, not town water. Are there any products that can continuously test the water coming in (versus manually sampling the water every so often)?
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? I got the LXT Lithium-Ion 18v hammer drill from Makita and am very happy with it. I'd recommend getting a kit with a hammer drill and an impact driver. Both tools are incredibly useful and good at what they do and you can save money by buying them together. The kit also comes with two batteries, which is very useful even when predominately using one tool.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? As long as you can ensure that the surface is sealed with a waterproof layer then you don't really need to make any special modifications. The main thing you need to ensure is that there's no way water can get onto unprotected wall or floor surfaces. In the UK baths are fitted into rooms that have normal plaster and the walls tiled to provide the water proofing. If you have to replace any of the existing drywall then it might be worth going for a special water resistant panel (e.g. Aquapanel), but they are more expensive.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? For right around the shower/tub I would use cement board since mold will not grow on that. If you are worried about the other areas of the bathroom you could use the "green" board stuff, though if it cost a little more than regular drywall.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? “Water quality” is not one-dimensional … what kind of contaminats do you want to test for? If the answer is “everything” or “I don't know” then start by finding a reputable local lab, describe your concerns to them, and see what they recommend based on their knowledge of the water in the area. Once you have done a thorough one-time test, you will have a basis for deciding what (if anything) to test for on an ongoing basis. To find a lab, you could start by calling the water authorities in your town or surrounding towns. At least in my case, they were happy to recommend a local, independent lab.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? A professional can at least make a guess and come close. I know that floor refinishers routinely stain floors to try and match other floors in the house.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? A1 New & Used Plumbing & Heating in Somerville, MA, are most known for their radiators, but also have sinks, toilet covers, etc. If they don't have a green toilet, I bet they would at least know where to look.
Lubricant for squeaky doors I'm looking for a long term solution to my squeaky doors. Our home is fitted with brass hinges on all doors and lately they have all been starting to squeak. I've tried several silicone based lubricants but none have solved this issue permanently.
Do I need a cordless screwdriver if I own a cordless drill? I currently own a cheapo corded drill and one of DeWalt's lower-end cordless screwdrivers. I want to buy a cordless drill because I am done with extension cords. Most (good) cordless drills seem to be able to function as a screwdriver. If I did buy a cordless drill, it would probably get a lot of use as a screwdriver. Probably more than it would as a drill. Will the cordless drill be able to fill the same role as the screwdriver? Will I even need the screwdriver anymore? Are there any drawbacks to using the cordless drill as my primary power-screwing tool? For what it's worth, I plan to get a DeWalt with a Lithium battery. I haven't decided on a specific model yet, though. (Brand/Model recommendations are welcome.)
Do I need a cordless screwdriver if I own a cordless drill? You really need to make sure it states it has a screwdriver function, but yes it will effectively replace your cordless screwdriver. A simple drill will carry on turning regardless whereas a screwdriver has a clutch that stops the bit turning if it meets too much resistance. This means you don't either burn out the motor or snap the head off the screw when you drive it home. So while you could use a plain drill to drive in screws you would have to be very careful. The drawbacks of cordless are: they are £ for £ (or $ for $) lower power than the equivalent corded drill so that you have to pay more for the same drilling power. you need to keep the battery packs in good condition. you always run out of power half way through a job (or is that just me?), but this can be mitigated if you buy (or the drill comes with) a spare battery pack.
Do I need a cordless screwdriver if I own a cordless drill? Anything sold as a "screwdriver" should have a clutch in them so they won't strip the head of a screw, or can drive a screw to a set depth. (they basically just stop applying force after a fixed amount of torque) Most screwdrivers will have a "drill" setting, which will lock it, preventing this "feature from engaging. Drills, on the other hand, if they don't have this feature, you have to be careful when driving screws, or you can strip the head, or even tear the head clean off, both of which makes it more difficult to remove. If you already have a decent power drill, and you're just looking at a screwdriver for occassional tasks (not like putting up sheets of drywall), and you're not driving things that need massive amounts of power, you might want to consider one of the 'quick charge' capacitor-based models. They can fully recharge in under a minute, but they're only good for a dozen or so screws per charge. If you're working in an area with power, it's enough to put up a few things, let it charge while prepping for the next part to be screwed down, etc.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Today is cool and rainy and I noticed suds accumulating at the base of a tree. They seem to be oozing out of the tree (on one side only) and dripping down from a height of about four feet. There is some sort of lichen (?) growing on this side of the tree, but I don't see the same suds on nearby trees, some of which have the same lichen growing. Any idea what this is, and whether I need to take action? Update: Today it's not raining and the "suds" are totally gone, so it was definitely something caused or made visible by the rain.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree The electric screwdriver can sometimes fit where a bulky drill cannot, e.g., electrical boxes. Apart from that, the drill is a fine screwdriver (assuming it has a clutch, of course, but I have never seen a battery-powered drill that does not). Don't get rid of your corded drill. Battery-powered drills, especially the cheap ones, are not powerful enough for serious drilling such as a 5/8-inch hole through a 4x4 or any hole through metal.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree The underlying problem may be that the hinges are not perfectly aligned.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Properly lubricating the hinges should stop the squeaks. In short, you remove the hinges from the door, lubricate them, and put them back. You'll want to use white lithium grease. It works very well for metal on metal contact. I'm assuming simple door hinges here, like these You'll want to do each door one at time. Long Process Have someone support the door while you knock the hinge pins up and out from the bottom of each hinge. Lean the door up against the wall and unscrew the hinges from the door and the jamb. Lay out the hinges on newspaper and use the lithium grease to lubricate the pins and the inside of the barrel. The barrel is the tube that the hinge pin passes through, Usually, you let the lithium grease dry before reassembly. Follow the directions on the grease. Finally, re-attach the hinge wings to the door and jamb. With someone holding the door, re-insert the pins from the top. Enjoy the silence. Short Process Have someone support the door while you knock the hinge pins up and out from the bottom of each hinge. Lay the hinge pin on newspaper and use the lithium grease to lubricate it. Usually, you let the lithium grease dry before reassembly. Follow the directions on the grease. With someone holding the door, re-insert the pins from the top. Enjoy the silence. Do one door first, and give it few days to make sure the squeak is gone.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Greenboard (or any paper faced drywall) is an unacceptable substrate for any wet application (shower or tub stalls). Regardless of tub stall surface (tile, fiberglass, etc) you will get some moisture penetration through the shower liner and this will eventually create bigger problems. You need to install Hardibacker or Durock (or any cementitious board) as the substrate for your tub/shower stall. Matter of fact, in many municipalities it is required by building code. It only needs to be installed in the area of the tub/shower, though no need to extend further out. The rest of the bathroom can be done in greenboard though (and that isn't a bad idea).
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree There are MANY things that determine quality of water, common ones being: "Nuisance" Bacteria Not always harmful, but they do release iron and sulfur into the water during their life cycles, and form a biofilm on the well surfaces Disease-causing bacteria Most common are e. coli and coliform, but can also include fecal coliform and fecal streptococci among others You don't want any of these in the water Iron Yellow or orange color, may cause stains on laundry and fixtures, and may have a bitter taste Manganese causes black or purple color in water and may stain fixtures, and cause a bitter taste Hydrogen sulphide (sulfur) Smells like rotten eggs Can be naturally occurring, and sometimes be caused by bacteria Hard water Caused by calcium carbonate (salt) Lead Can be caused by leaded solder, and old brass plumbing components. It's a neurotoxin which is quite dangerous to drink Sand or grit Most jurisdictions have their own set of guidelines for acceptable levels of about a hundred different attributes (eg, here are the EPA contaminants limits, to my knowledge in North America, the local standards are is at or below these levels). There are currently (to my knowledge, at least) no continuous processes for checking bacteria -- though I do know of at least one company who has been working on it for commercial applications (I would guess it would cost upwards of $20k). There are some sensors that can monitor other attributes. Most are prohibitively expensive for a home (conductivity and pH come to mind that could be done for a couple hundred dollars). Here's the thing though - most of the quality attributes are unlikely to change, definitely not fast enough to actually monitor on your house. Contamination from bacteria can increase over time if your well is biofouled as the bacteria grows, but otherwise, unless you have a source of surface contamination (such as a poorly-constructed well that is not sealed properly, a dug well, or a well with direct influence from a body of water) then generally the water quality will be fairly steady. In Canada at least, most local public health units will test for e.coli and total coliform for free. You can also take your water to a lab to do a full analysis, or to a company that specializes in water treatment to do this for you. Be sure to pick one that uses an accredited lab though -- some fly-by-night/shady treatment companies will test "in house" looking for some really basic attributes, but are actually more interested in selling you a softener and a salt contract than treating the real problem (eg, doing a clean-out and then shocking your well every month or two may kill off the bacteria causing the iron or manganese in the first place -- but they make a lot less money if you do that). One option for home testing is water test strips (eg, like SenSafe makes). These are relatively cheap, and you can do them at home. Becareful though, it's not really possible to measure your water quality or safety using just these strips. They can help give you an idea, and check that your treatment is working, but don't base your health on these alone. Talk to a professional that understands the chemistry of the water and how all the different factors interact to come up with treatment options. The EPA has a decent site about Private Wells, you may want to check it out for more information. (Note: my dad ran a water treatment company for over 25 years, so although I am by no means an expert, I did pick up a few things)
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Use WD-40. Works everytime.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree For the most part, softeners are pretty simple. Softening water works by exchanging positively charged ions with sodium ions. Because softeners backwash periodically to recharge, they have a timer (and sometimes a meter) to control when this happens. One of the problems with a mechanical unit is when the power goes out, the time freezes, and just picks up where it left off when the power comes back, so it will start backwashing at strange times - most (if not all, now) electronic timers have battery backup for the time. Electronic ones have been in use for 10+ years now, and are quite reliable now. If you use a metered timer, it will regenerate during the night only after using a certain amount of water, so it wastes less brine (salt) water. Get one that is easy to service. Although softeners only have to be rebedded about once every 10 years, it should be possible to turn a bypass valve and disconnect the softener. I've seen some old units where you actually have to cut the plumbing to disconnect them, although I'm not sure if those are still on the market anymore. You don't want one of those. Pay attention to how it is connected: All of your hot water should be soft. Outside taps should be hard (you don't want to water your garden/grass with soft water), with perhaps the exception of a hose in your garage for washing cars. Some people leave their kitchen cold water tap hard, so as to reduce the amount of sodium they are drinking and cooking with, but this partially depends on preference and partially on the amount of hardness (and thus amount of sodium being added). Obviously this is a bigger concern if there are people on low-sodium diets in your house. Personally, I would avoid electronic/magnetic softeners. There has been some evidence that this can help with very low levels of hardness, there is a LOT of junk out there. I used to work summers for my dad who ran a water treatment business. We replaced one of these electronic softeners (it had wires going from each end that wrapped around the pipes) with a real softener one time, and took the electronic one back to play with. We tore it apart, and could not find any active electronics in it except for the ones that drove 5 LEDs on the front that flashed back and forth. We hooked the wires up to an oscilloscope and all it was doing was alternating between about +10 mV and -10 mV, with almost no current. I can't see how this possibly did anything -- and the home owner was replacing it with a real softener, so what does that tell you..
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree For what it's worth, I think the clutches on cordless drill/drivers are overrated. With a little practice, if you don't know already, you'll get the feel for slowing and stopping the driver as you're approaching a reasonable torque for the screw and material, just as you do with a regular hand screwdriver. Whenever I have tried using the clutch on my driver, say to speed things up if I'm driving a lot of screws at once, one of two things inevitably happens: 1) I hit a few soft spots in the material and strip out those holes, or 2) I mistrust my selected clutch setting and torque at least a few of the screws by hand. Each of these outcomes completely negates any speed advantage gained by blindly driving the screws until the clutch slips. I suppose this is more usage advice than purchasing advice since all cordless drill/drivers have clutches, so there's no need to seek it out if you want it. Your choice of a Li-ion battery is a good one -- they're lighter than the equivalent nicad tools, they are more durable, and (my favorite benefit) they don't discharge over longer periods of disuse.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Could be spittlebugs...
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Here's what we've done so far. I'm curious whether there may be better techniques... R-19 batts between joists to reduce noise transmission through air liquid nails on top of joists to reduce squeeking subfloor first layer of 1/2 inch plywood "green glue", a gummy substance to reduce foot fall noise transmission second layer of 1/2 inch plywood rosin paper hardwood planks Actually we haven't installed the hardwood floor yet but we tried walking around on the subfloor and talking in fairly loud voices and neither could be heard in the floor below. Adding another layer of wood should only help. One option that we skipped is to use joist isolators which are pads that go between the joists and the subfloor. I've been told that there are three principles at play when trying to reduce sound transmission: the denser the floor the better (ie concrete is better than wood) the thicker the floor the better (ie 3 inches of wood is better than 1) the fewer (and softer?) the points of contact between floor and ceiling the better (eg green glue and joist isolators) The first two are pretty clear. One example of the third is if the ceiling below is dropped and does not use the joists above for support. Instead the ceiling uses only the walls on either side, and ideally the wall studs aren't connected to the joists either.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? Let's say you have some detailed moulding around several interior doors and you want to strip the paint off with the least amount of labor (time-wise)? How would you go about it? Heat gun, chemicals, removing the trim and reinstalling, etc are all options.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? The least time route would definitely be the "remove the trim and replace with fresh" route. However, this would depend on you being able to get a suitable replacement. Heat gun is quite quick, but you have to be careful of a) the chemicals released when heating the paint and b) not scorching the wood. Heat guns shouldn't really be used where you've got lead based paint. Chemicals will be useful where you've got delicate/intricate mouldings but will probably take the longest as you might need several applications if you've got lots of layers of paint. You will definitely need to sand the mouldings if you use a heat gun, you may have to if you use chemicals. This might not be practicable for delicate/intricate mouldings.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? There are several types of regeneration options. Onet thing I would recommend is getting a metered softener rather than a strictly timer option. The metered softener regenerates at a certain time of the day when enough water has passed through it to need regenerated. You will need to have your water tested to determine the hardness and iron levels. These numbers are used to set your meter. One other thing that was recommended to me was to buy a mechanical metered unit and not an electronic one. The mechanical metered units have worked for years and do not have as many things to fail in them as the electronically metered units. I bought a softener last year and installed it myself. I got it from the website below. They answered my questions before I ordered it and shipped it to my house for free. http://www.ohiopurewaterco.com/shop/customer/home.php
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? Go to any big box store and get some 6" flexible insulated duct (this pic shows black sheathing on the outside, but it's often made of shiny reflective mylar): And a couple of 6" boots, one for each end: Use aluminum HVAC tape or a large band clamp or zip tie to connect the inner sleeve of the duct to the boots, then use another layer of tape to seal up the insulated layer and prevent it from sliding around. Cut holes in the ceiling to match the rectangular boot opening, keeping one long edge of each hole flush to a ceiling joist. Then take your duct assembly up into the attic and insert the boots into each hole. You can just leave the flexible duct lying on top of the ceiling joists. Back downstairs, use small nails (with heads, not finish nails) to nail through the inside of the boot opening into the side of the adjacent ceiling joist. Then install a couple of register grilles and you're done!
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? You could try guttersupply.com for parts.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? Getting someone else to do it is always the least labor-intensive: if you have a paint stripping service nearby, ask them about doing it. They'll have access to stronger chemicals than you will, and they'll also have the physical setup for taking care of fumes and toxic waste. The service that I used dunks the pieces in a bath of heated solvent which dissolves the paint: no scraping, so no potential for damage to any intricate detailing. I had a door done a while back; IIRC, they charge by surface area of the piece being treated and it was around US$100 for that (80"Hx30"Wx1.5"D) door. When I got it back, I just had to sand lightly to get the surface back to a milled condition.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I'm hanging a towel bar on a wall in a newly-built bathroom (part of a major remodel). I would like to avoid placing the bar at an "awkward" height, but I'm not sure what the proper height would be. Is there a "standard" height?
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I believe it's 48" for a bath towel. I just put up new towel bars in my bathroom, and my method was to hold the bar up with a towel on it and have my wife tell me if it looked right. Just to be sure, she even acted like she was drying her hands to see if it felt right too. If I remember correctly, it came out to 46". (We're both short - the next owners can either complain about it or raise it themselves.)
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? We have a standard floor standing heated towel rail and it is approx 36" tall. Also the towel rail on the side of our shower enclosure is 36" from the floor.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? We have several "ReStore"s in my area that have old building materials that people have donated. I always see old turquoise, coral, powder blue, ... sinks, toilets, etc. there. I imagine you can find something similar in your area to browse.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I see several specialized products to mitigate sound transmission mentioned on HGTV almost daily. One of them is always used above basement apartments by the contractor on the show Income Property. It connects to the joists and isolates the drywall below so it's only connected to them through a few screws. Unfortunately, I'm not sure what it's called, but Kinetics IsoMax looks like it may be the product they use. If not, it's similar. The other product I saw mentioned yesterday on an episode of Holmes on Homes is called QuietRock. It's drywall product that blocks sound transmission as much as 8 layers of standard drywall.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? Motor cycle chain lubricant or a 3-in-one oil works well. Motorcycle chain lubricant is designed to penetrate and provide lasting protection, though as with any lubricant, it does need to be re-applied occasionally. Lithium grease is a better option for sure, I just am putting this out there because it can be applied without taking the hinges apart, and works reasonably well. If the hinge is REALLY bad, you'll need to take it apart though.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? Doesn't look like there is anything special here.. The vent itself is not sealed, so not sure why you would need to seal the edges with caulk, but it won't hurt if you do. I don't really see any reason any special screws are needed if it's just wood around the outside. I would just probably put in some #8, 1 1/4" to 2" screws.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I've worked on software with water conditioning companies all over North America for the past 10 years, so I have a pretty good understanding of the business. My advice is to talk to several companies in your area about what they recommend. There are tons of dealers out there who can help you. They know the water in your area and the equipment best suited to your needs. Some water requires different filter media. I wouldn't be comfortable just purchasing something on my own, and I do pretty much everything on my own. I would stay away from plumbers- work with people who specialize in water treatment. To name a few companies who have dealers who can work with you: Culligan EcoWater Systems Kinetico Hellenbrand WaterCare It looks like you're in Boston... unfortunately, I've only worked with one dealer in MA, and they weren't anywhere close to you.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? If we're just talking about hardness, there are water softeners that can measure the hardness in real time and adjust their regeneration frequency to match (for example, Culligan calls theirs an "Aqua Sensor". There are also realtime TDS (total dissolved solids) meters that are used on the output side of lab-grade filtration systems. I'm not sure if there are similar units for the input side of things. Other than that, I don't know.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? The fiberglass tape is all I use. It doesn't stick very well, though.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I use a DeWalt cordless hammer drill to drive screws most of the time, but it's big and heavy. Cordless screwdrivers have their uses as well, though- I use mine for attaching electrical equipment to boxes (light fixtures, switches, outlets), for example. An DeWalt 18v lithium drill will work great. I'd go with that or a Milwaukee if I were looking for a new high quality piece. Even the really cheap stuff sold at Menards seems to work reasonably well these days.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I think you should fix up the gutter first, here's what you should do: Find a good place that the gutter is supposed to go to like a street or join long pipes to the gutter under the mud and lead the long pipes to a street with some water. I am not sure about this suggestion but could be could help you a bit, because your garage is build to under the mud I think there is a lots of work to do. Hopefully its will be fine .Very expensive to dig again and re build it again... : ) For me the best way to do it, is to rebuild it again and do it the right way. If that is okay for your budget. ( SORRY! )
Can I trust my pressuretrol? My steam boiler, which supplies both heat and hot water, turned off a day or two ago, resulting in cold water. After some debugging, I found that the problem was with the pressuretrol, the device that turns the burner off when the boiler reaches operating pressure. It is a very simple device, as shown here: The brown box is a microswitch. Below it is a lever. The lever is pushed from below on the right side by a piston, which in turn is pushed by the steam. On the left, the lever is anchored to an adjustable spring. When the steam pressure is great enough to pull the spring, the switch opens and turns off the burner. The problem was that either the lever or the piston was stuck. A very gentle touch with the screwdriver was enough to loosen it, and bliss and hot water was restored. My question is, do I have to worry about the pressuretrol getting stuck in the closed (“on”) position, causing the pressure to rise too much and blow a pipe or (much more likely) an old, rusty radiator? Should I have the pressuretrol replaced or inspected?
Can I trust my pressuretrol? I had a leak caused in a sun-room that was hard to identify. It turns out the roof to wall flashing wasn't properly secured under the siding. It only ever leaked when there was enough water weight to push the flashing down causing it to pop out from behind the siding. Long story short, ensuring that the flashing is properly secured is one of the first things I check.
Can I trust my pressuretrol? I like graphite-based lubricants (like you'll see for loosening a frozen car door lock). Lithium grease is an excellent option, though, too.
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? Can a gravity flush toilet be swapped out for a pressure-assisted toilet? Are there any differences in plumbing, mounting, etc.?
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? It looks like there's no difference in plumbing requirements from this installation guide. This regular toilet installation guide lists the drain and vent requirements: it requires its own 2" minimum vent and a drain of at least 3" in diameter As far as retrofitting a pressure assist vessel into an old gravity flush toilet, I wouldn't try it. Pressure assist toilets are designed differently than gravity flush ones. Flushmate's website warns: The FLUSHMATE® Pressure-Assist system cannot be retrofitted into a standard, gravity-fed toilet. There might be a retrofit kit out there somewhere, but I'd be wary about how well it would work.
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? Yes it can. There are no differences on the outside. There are even some pressure-assist valves that can be retrofitted into existing toilet tanks.
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? After re-reading the question, and noticed the comment that your neighbors water a lot -- If they've over-watering, and it's causing surface runoff, then a french drain / drain tile system at the surface might be the best solution (what @gregmac) said. If they're spraying onto your roof, or if you get a lot of rain naturally, I'd look to fixing the gutters first (but I'd still want to fix the gutters, anyway). If they're over-watering, but it's a long, slow soak, such that it's saturating the ground to a significant depth, you might have to go the route of digging down to the foundation and sealing the wall; you might also be able to drain away the moisture by cutting through from the inside, and installing a sump pump below the level of the foundation, but that's going to get expensive, too.
What is the proper way to join two beams on a post? I'm working on a deck that will involve two 10ft wooden beams across three wooden posts. One of the posts will be in the middle of the two beams. What is the proper method for joining the beams to the post?
What is the proper way to join two beams on a post? Typically you would have the beam sit on top of the posts and use a post tie like this one:
Need to attach deck ledger to house covering a vent I am building a deck attached to the house, and on one side I will need to have the ledger covering a section of wall that has a crawlspace vent cover. If I have a big enough gap between the ledger and the siding (maybe bigger than what you would normally do -- make it closer to 3/4" perhaps?) would that be enough space to let air escape through the vent? Or is there some other way to make sure I don't block off the ventilation?
Need to attach deck ledger to house covering a vent If your posts are large enough (e.g. 6x6), you can notch the top of the post to accept the beams, then bolt through the beams with carriage bolts. That way, all that's visible are the rounded heads of the carriage bolts, which may be important if your beam is exposed.
Need to attach deck ledger to house covering a vent I would leave a gap in the ledger where the vent is, then cover that gap with a shorter piece of ledger board that overlaps, and is lag screwed to, the main ledger. This will give your crawlspace vent 1 1/2" of breathing room, which should be fine for letting your crawlspace breathe.
At what height should a stair handrail be? I am almost dne replacing the steps to my front porch. It is 5 steps so I definitly need a handrail, but I don't know exactly how high to make it. I have some posts that should be plenty tall but I can attach the handrail at any point along the post. I assume there is some standard height from the stair tread that is usualy used in the US.
At what height should a stair handrail be? The standard is usually 34" to 38". Check your local building codes - apparently some cities specify exactly 36". The International Residential Code covers just about everything you could want to know about stair standards.
At what height should a stair handrail be? If your pressuretrol is truly acting up, I would replace it. I'm sure you've already ensured the pigtail is free of sediment, etc. In my experience as an HVAC controls tech, once mechanical controls start to act up, it's usually more cost effective to replace the item in question than continuing to rely on a compromised pressuretrol. (Murphy's Law is in full effect here). Nothing like waking up mid-winter for work with zero hot water and a replacement pressuretrol is backordered (no, this has never happened to me before...) You have a high pressure safety relief for the boiler if in fact the pressuretrol did stick on, so you're covered from catastrophic events - however ensuring your BMS is working properly is more important. Plus if that safety lifts, if the overpressure in the system hasn't damaged any control valve(s) - you're still gonna have a huge mess on your hands. Basically - don't rely on built in safeties to protect you from out of bounds conditions you can control :)
At what height should a stair handrail be? The Stairway Manufacturing Code Association published the International Residential Code (PDF Link) in 2006 which tells you just about everything you could ever want to know about stairs, including: minimum headroom depth (6' 8") minimum tread depth (10") maximum rise (7.75") maximum tread depth variability (3/8") maximum rise variability (3/8") maximum slope of riser (30°)
At what height should a stair handrail be? Power wires are not supposed to be run parallel to low-voltage wires within 12". The only time they should get closer is if they are crossing over each other at a right angle (to cut down on interference). They are not allowed to run in the same conduit or terminate in the same box as each other. Otherwise the power cable could short to the much smaller data cable and turn it into a nice long heating filament. I've run nothing but Cat5 and RG6 coax in my house, with Leviton QuickPort wall plates & inserts. They have jacks with almost anything on the front that connect to Cat5 on the back (think binding posts for speakers, RCA jacks for audio or composite/component video, S-video, RJ45, RJ11, ...) I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet when I get a display with HDMI input, though.
Energy Audit (WellHome) We recently had an energy audit done by WellHome, a new division of Masco, which is a manufacturer of many types of home/building fixtures and services. They seemed to do a very thorough job, using high-tech equipment including thermal imaging which showed significant heat infiltration (I live in Austin, TX) in the places I'd expect. Air leakage was 1900CFM50 which they said was somewhat high but not outrageous. After reviewing the printed report I generally agreed with their findings. The cost of the audit was reasonable ($49) and included no obligation to use them for remediation, although the report included a list of suggested remediation items and none of the prices looked out of line. In fact the cost for replacing the windows with double-pane argon-filled vinly-frame units was quite a bit less than I expected. This was the highest cost item ($9000) but was the lowest suggested priority because according to the report there's more effective "low-hanging fruit". There was no sales pressure at all. Based on our specific audit, they will "guarantee" a 23% energy savings. Based on a year's worth of utility bills we spend about $1600/year on heating/cooling (is that low?), due to having already picked the really low-hanging fruit (CFLs, conservative thermostat settings), Assuming that they can deliver the savings, it would only amount to about $370/year for a $20000 investment, which clearly makes no sense financially unless it contributes significantly to the equity. The question: Is this worth considering at all for reasons other than pure enviromental altruism? Note: I would have used better tags but with less than 150 rep I can't create the tag "energy-audit". EDIT: One commenter suggested this question looks like a sales-pitch. On re-reading, I can see that my tone is quite positive, which I guess reflects my feeling about the process. However, I will categorically state that I have no connection to Masco or WellHome (no idea how I can prove it, however :-)
How do I replace a 3-way lamp socket so that it doesn't die after 6 months? I've replaced the 3-way socket in a table lamp about 4 times in the past 6 years. Each time it works for 6 months or so, but eventually the secondary contact that touches the "ring" on the base of the 3-way bulb (the low-intensity filament) starts arcing and the lamp flickers. This progresses to the point where the lamp flickers most of the time, at which point I replace the socket. Up until this last time the only sockets I could find locally were Leviton brand. Last weekend I found a Westinghouse brand socket at the local DIY box store. Why does this happen? Anybody else have this problem? Will the Westinghouse 3-way socket have the same problem, and does anybody make a socket that will last longer? EDIT: Adding some answers to good questions raised in posts below: Does the arcing problem happen with new bulbs? Once it starts arcing it happens with any bulb. The contact for the low-wattage filament (the off-center contact) looks pitted and corroded. Is the lampshade (if any) attached to the bulb, and could be stressing the socket? The lampshade is attached to a harp, there's no mechanical stress on the bulb. When it starts arcing, are the bulbs loose? If so, can they be tightened? Or are they screwed down all the way, but they wiggle laterally? When a socket first starts flickering, tightening the bulb more tightly will quiet it for awhile, but that stops working eventually.
How do I replace a 3-way lamp socket so that it doesn't die after 6 months? To my knowledge, this insulated 3 port splice connector is the safest product on the market right now. Unfortunately, I don't know who actually makes it or what it's called- just what it looks like. NSi Industries (Tork) makes something similar (their IPL series), but I'm not sure if they make really small ones like you need.
How do I replace a 3-way lamp socket so that it doesn't die after 6 months? As you'd need to maintain those $370/year savings for 54 years to gain any return on your investment you do need to consider other factors. As you point out - you need to work out if it significantly increase the value of your home. Another side to this though is would it make your house significantly easier to sell? In a buyers market if you can offer things that others can't - full insulation, double glazing etc. then you might find a buyer more quickly and one willing to meet your asking price. Pure environmental altruism is, by definition, impossible to put a figure on. Only you can decide whether $20,000 is an "investment" you want to make. Finally, something that has just occurred to me. By doing this work you might get ahead of any future legislation requiring you to fit double glazing, extra draught-proofing etc. So if you can afford it now you won't have to make the investment later when you might not be able to afford it or when prices go up because there's more demand. The downside to this is that future laws might be stricter or have tighter limits which would mean that you still need to do some work.
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush? I have recently painted using Hammerite metal paint. When I tried to clean the brush afterwards using White Spirit, I noticed it didn't work. Hammerite sells a specialized cleaning product, but I'd like to use a product that is useful in other situations too. Is there anyone who knows what kind of cleaning product might help?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush? Maybe you've got something else going on? I've never seen this problem before and I have a number of 3-way lamps!
Why might our washing machine cause our clothes to smell damp when dry? Recently we've noticed that our clothes smell damp once dried. It doesn't matter if we tumble-dry them, hang them outside or hang them indoors. This leads me to believe it's our washing machine. We don't leave clothes in the washing machine long after the cycle is complete. The washing machine waste pipe is plumbed into the waste pipes under the sink in the kitchen, on the house-side of the trap. I've had the trap off and the washing machine's waste pipe and there doesn't seem to be a cause for the smell. I reckon it's inside the washing machine (I've checked and cleaned the washing machine filter). What other things can I check for the cause of the smell? Are there products I can put through the machine to eradicate it or could there be corrosion inside that means I need to buy a new machine?
Can granite countertops be used as a desktop on a custom desk? Granite countertops have become quite popular lately. How is Granite typically fastened to base cabinets? Would it be suitable to use as a desktop, say with just four legs attached to it (not a full frame like a base cabinet)? Or would a structure like a base cabinet be needed with a wood frame on all sides underneath to support and fasten the granite?
Can granite countertops be used as a desktop on a custom desk? You can use a silicone adhesive to attach a slab of granite to use as a desktop. As long as the desk itself is sturdy and stable, it shouldn't be an issue. If the desk will be free standing (not attached to a wall), make sure it wont be too top heavy. You don't want your granite tipping over.
How do I put a fluorescent light on a motion sensor? I have a couple closets in my basement that I have outfitted with a fluorescent light attached to a motion sensor (this one). The idea was that when you open the closet door, the light comes on automatically (and turns off automatically when you close it). The first problem I ran into was trying to use a light with an electronic ballast, which didn't work at all. After reading the instructions I found that you have to use a light with a magnetic ballast. So, i replaced the light with one that has a a magnetic ballast, and now it comes on just fine when the door is opened. After closing the door and waiting a minute or so the light should turn off. But instead of turning off it just begins to flicker very rapidly. Any one have any ideas about what might be causing that or what I might have done wrong? Or any personal experience with fluorescent lights that will work with a motion sensor? I thought about just using an incandescent light instead, but seems that code doesn't allow incandescent lights in closets.
How do I put a fluorescent light on a motion sensor? The consensus of opinion on the Ultimate Handyman forum seems to be to use an old brush and throw it away after use. A couple of alternatives are suggested: Ordianry cellulose thinners will also work. So presumably the Hammerite product is cellulose thinners based. and I wrap mine very tightly in plastic and stick them in my brushmate, as long as i use them every couple of months they stay reasonably soft, even if they go a little stiff a drop of hammerite thiners brings them back to life. Which is something I do overnight (or a couple of days at most) when using gloss paint. It does keep the bristles soft for a while so saves on white spirit and having to find a clean brush for the next coat.
What is the best way to fix bleach stains? A large amount of bleach was spilled on our carpet, and I'm wondering how we can try to restore the color. The carpet is a light tan color.
What is the best way to fix bleach stains? I wouldn't just try to attach the legs directly to the granite (or really any material used as a work surface). The result will probably be quite unstable. I'd build a free standing frame and then fix the worktop to that.
What is the best way to fix bleach stains? I've only tried putting CFLs on motion sensors, and I have no idea what type of ballast they were. The only ones that work are labeled as 'instant-on', and they seemed to charge a premium for them. I'd occassionally run into the same problems you had, with the flickering, but even worse is that the life of the bulb was dramatically shortened. I had the motion sensor (same one as you, I think) in my kitchen for less than a year before the bulb failed. In that case, the motion sensor was built into a wall switch, and the switch itself was wired for 3-way. (I never took out the other switch). I've had better luck outside, with the light on my porch (that one didn't need an 'instant on' bulb, come to think of it), where the motion sensor was built into the fixture itself. That one's pretty tempremental, as it worked for months, then suddenly stopped working ... but I suspect it to be the fixture, not the bulbs, as it behaves the same way with incandescent. ... My suggestion would be in your case, if the restriction is on incandescent lamps specifically, that you look into LEDs. My roommate got some inexpensive LED lights for cabinets that are battery powered, with a magnetic sensor (a similar concept to this item, but not the same model) -- you attach the magnet to the door, and the lamp to the door frame. When you open the door, the magnet detaches, the circuit closes, and the lamp turns on. It might not cast enough light for what you're looking for, though.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? In my home the dryer vent is set up to vent out into an enclosed back porch. The problem is that all sorts of lint (and heat) get pumped out into that enclosed area and makes a mess. Directly above the dryer there is a ventilation pipe that goes to the roof (also connected to the vent in the bathroom) that I could easily re-route the dryer vent into. A couple of questions about this: 1) Is it a generally accepted practice to vent a dryer up through the roof, or does a dryer vent have to generally be at a level or downward slope? 2) Is it okay to use the same vent line as the bathroom or am I asking for trouble? 3) Is there a recommend maximum distance for venting a dryer that I am going to exceed going from the first floor of a home to the roof?
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? I would not do this for exactly the reasons you've asked about: 1) By sharing the bathroom vent pipe, you're ensuring that at least half the gunk that's being spewed onto your porch is going to be spewed into your bathroom unless you can find and install some kind of one-way flapper between the new "Y" fitting and the bathroom. If you do find and install such a thing, it's going to be difficult to keep clean and operational. 2) I'm assuming since you say "first floor" that you also have a second floor, in which case that's a long way to go to get up to the roof. It's not such a big deal for the bathroom fan to vent up there, but that's a long way for lint from the dryer to be carried, and it's going to be more likely to collect on the walls of the pipe over that long distance. Do you have a crawlspace or basement that you could run a new pipe through?
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Your carpet is now light tan, or used to be light tan? Either way, the only thing I know of is to try to dye it back, and odds are, you're either going to dye more than you wanted (darkening the edges) or miss the edge ... either way, it's going to miss, and won't be 100% restored. I'd consider rearranging the furniture (ie, hide it with a couch), or put a throw rug overtop if it's in the middle of the floor. If it's in an area that's prone to issues, you can always replace just a section of the carpet with some other material -- at my mom's house we put some hardwood down just inside the back door where the cats liked trying to dig their way under a door, rather than replace the whole room.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Going through the roof is fine, the idea is to make the run as straight and short as possible. First floor through roof is not ideal, so keep it under 25 feet. I'd worry about return air. If you go through the roof, I would not use the same line as a bathroom (note my condensation problem). I'll let you know how my new cap works out (if it ever arrives), you'll want something like that as well to keep the outside air out of your dryer.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Can you continue the vent on the porch to an exterior wall? Maybe put in a 90 degree bend and continue the vent pipe along the wall of the house? Here is a list of maximum vent length, down toward the bottom of the page. I wouldn't try to share the bathroom vent. I can see several potential downfalls. The dryer may actually vent into the bathroom which will fill it with hot, moist air if not lint. The bathroom may vent through your dryer. The bathroom fan may fill with lint, making it inoperable at best, and causing a fire hazard in the worst case.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Is your washing machine front-loading? I know some (many?) front-loaders have mildew problems because water gets trapped around the seal. Cleaning the seal and leaving the door open when not in use may help.
What are the advantages and disadvantages to timber framing vs. platform framing? Within in the next 10-years, my wife and I would like to replace the old modular home on our property with a new house. I've been having some discussions with a friend of mine who is a huge fan of timber frame construction. Looking at examples of well-done timber frames, I have to agree with him when it comes to the aesthetic appeal of the exposed timbers. He has touted some of the benefits of timber framing to be (not an extensive list): Speed of construction. Squareness of resulting frame (I suspect a well-done platform frame can be quite square as well) Aesthetic (personal taste I guess) Cost of materials Cost of labor (takes more skilled labor, but goes up quickly) Robustness He touts it as an ideal framing method for non-developer building (i.e.- for building your home.. it wont scale well to a developer putting up hundreds of houses). When I asked him what the drawbacks would be, the only things he could think of were: finding a good crew to do the framing, and sourcing the timbers can take some time. Neither of these issues would be a deal breaker for me as I have plenty of time, and he is connected with some very good framers. So, my question (perhaps too open ended) are: what advantages and disadvantages am I missing?
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? I'm remodeling a bathroom, and some of the copper tubing needs to be replaced, due to leaks and the need to reposition fixtures. Is it feasible and recommended to convert from copper tubing to PEX? For instance, could I use something like this where the copper comes out of the slab, and run PEX the rest of the way to the fixtures? My motivation is (perceived) ease of working with the PEX, especially the ability to position it where I need to for the shower valve assembly. I say perceived, because I've not ever worked with PEX before - is that asking for trouble?
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Along the same lines as Brian, I've never had this problem. Some questions about other causes: Does the arcing problem happen with new bulbs? Is the lampshade (if any) attached to the bulb, and could be stressing the socket? When it starts arcing, are the bulbs loose? If so, can they be tightened? Or are they screwed down all the way, but they wiggle laterally?
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Assuming you're talking about motion sensors like this: Switches like that need power. They can work by trickling current through incandescents if hooked up like a normal single-throw switch (in series with feed going to lights). If the switch has 4 wires (hot, return, switched, and ground) then you can hook them all up and it will power itself using it's own hot + return. In that case, it shouldn't have to trickle power through the light's circuit, and fluorescents should be able to turn off.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? If you have a front-load washing machine, and close the door when it's not in use, it can develop smells which can then transfer to clothes. Leave the door open if possible - at least until the interior has had a chance to dry. Most front-load manufactures recommend a cleaning process by running an empty load with bleach and hot water. My front-load GE has a "hidden" filter - it's not mentioned in the owners manual at all, but it does occasionally get clogged up, and loads take much longer to finish than they should. You might want to pull off a panel and see if yours has one as well. Edit: According to this, over-using soap - and apparently everyone uses too much - can also lead to a buildup of mold and mildew.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? We had some issues with our top loading washing machine. I took the fabric softener section out of the center agitator and thoroughly cleaned it. This helped improve the smell and alleviated the problem we had of some random spots on our clothes.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? There is no real right answer here. Obviously if you just crunch the numbers it is a very long ROI. Personally if it were my house and I had the budget and inclination to do something, I would start with projects that are currently subsidized by the government or energy company. I would also consider doing any really cheap but effective (according to the audit) fixes. Regarding the windows, unless buyers in your area expect them I would see if there are other lower cost fixes you can do first (even though there is the federal tax credit). Maybe you could just to a few of the windows in the rooms you use the most so you can still use the tax credit without spending $9K.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Yes you can do that (it's the standard way of converting to/from copper), and it shouldn't cause any troubles (read http://diy.stackexchange.com/questions/1331/why-would-you-use-copper-over-cpvc-or-pex and http://diy.stackexchange.com/questions/261/does-pex-tubing-have-any-advantages-over-copper for some comparisons). Of note: you can get the male adapters that fit on the outside of copper pipe, and also that fit on the inside of copper fittings (like a street elbow). Can be handy sometimes if you're working in a tight space, or were going to immediately make a turn anyways (since you're soldering the fitting anyways, it's barely any extra work to do an elbow+adapter, and saves a PEX elbow and couple of crimp rings).
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Some motion sensors also have photocells to detect ambient light. If the photocell sees the light output by the fixture (for example by having it reflect off the inside of the closet door) it can cause the rapid flickering you're seeing. The model of motion detector you have does have this feature and it can be adjusted (instructions [PDF]). Otherwise, you can try blocking the photocell with a piece of electrical tape. If you have the model PR180, the fourth (red) wire is for connecting a three-way switch.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? I can think of one disadvantage to timber framing vs. platform or balloon framing, and that's the need of a crane. Depending on your site, bringing in a crane to install the upper members might be a problem, whereas with stick-built, you're not moving as heavy of pieces, so it's not as much of an issue. (it still might be useful when it comes to roof trusses, though, but it's not necessarily required) An advantage is that timber-framed structures can span very large areas, so if you like an open design, great rooms, and the like, it's very easy to do. As none of the internal walls need to be load bearing, you can more easily move things around should you need to add a bedroom or remove one down the road. ... but before you built, you might also want to consider comparing to other newer building methods, such as SIPs (structural insulated panels; built off-site, then get craned in and installed in over the course of a few days, so the building envelope isn't open for very long), or ICE (insulated concrete forms; install like blocks, rebar is placed, then you pump in concrete). Both have great thermal characteristics, if you're in a climate that needs it. With anything that's not platform built, you're also going to want to check with your local permits office -- anything that's not what they're used to dealing with is going to slow things down considerably.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? If you want to make this task really easy, you can use a sharkbite. Its a connector than can join different tubing without the need for soldering. While expensive for a connector, ~$5, it will save you the hassle of sweating pipes, especially if they are in a hard to reach area. You can find them at HomeDepot, not sure what other stores carry them.
What is the purpose of a watt regulator in my ceiling fan? The lights on my harbor breeze fan stopped working this morning. When I came home from work, I got the ladder and took down the lights. I don't have a multimeter but I saw that there is this Watt Regulator (pic below) in the fan. I traced the wires and it seems that this may have been the culprit. I snipped the wires, got some wire nuts, and wired directly into the 120V circuit. Ta-da! Lights are back and fan is working normal. Question is : What is the purpose of this watt regulator? Why do some fans include it?
What is the purpose of a watt regulator in my ceiling fan? A regulator would normally be used either to change the speed of the fan or the brightness of the lights. If this regulator didn't have any external controls like a pull chain, is there a chance this fan at one time had a remote control?
How do I replace weather strips on our outside doors? We have a rather annoying cat who has scratched all of our outside doors and ripped the weather stripping with her claws. How do I go about replacing this stripping and are there any weather strips on the market that may be less prone to being torn up in the future?
How do I select a color to paint various rooms in my home? What color guides are best? I am prepare to paint my "old" house rooms, to clean it up. But I do not know how to select a color to paint my bedroom, my baby room, and other living room. This house did not have too much light because is on base floor surround with buildings and I wish for bright colors that make people relax on bedroom. Are there any general guides to help me out on this ? Or any sites with ideas or proposals.
How do I select a color to paint various rooms in my home? What color guides are best? I agree with ChrisF's comment that this is subjective. I doubt you'd share my love of bright fuchsia with lime green trim I have in all my rooms. That being said, Behr's "Paint Your Place" is a tool that allows you to pick colors and add them to a picture you've uploaded to get a better idea of what the finished room would look like.
How do I select a color to paint various rooms in my home? What color guides are best? If you (like me) have no sense of color, go with the colors that have been “standard” for the last decade, at least here in America: various lighter shades of gray with a tint of other colors for warmth. While not terribly exciting, these colors will at least make your home look updated. Use glossy or semi-glossy paint for trim and flat paint for walls, except maybe kitchen and bathrooms. The colors will probably be on display at the paint store. You can also see them in magazines and real estate ads. To see them in action, go to open houses for new track homes/McMansions (if you have those in Athens).
How do I choose a furnace airfilter? I have a furnace/air-conditioner that can support filters of various thicknesses: 1", 2", or 4". Filters are available in various MERV ratings. How should I decide which filter to use?
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? Last winter I covered my windows in my apartment with a window sealing kit so keep out any drafts. The winds and temperatures are pretty extreme around here and the plastic would peel away from some sections. The windows are inset into the wall and don't have any trim around them besides at the bottom where the sill sticks into the room. This creates a problem because I don't have a good way to seal around the sill so I had to just stick the plastic to the top of it. The wind and temperature causes the tape to peel up a lot easier in this setup because of the angle the tape is stuck. I don't really see any other way around it. Any ideas for how I can set this up better to make sure this thing stays completely sealed through the winter? (This picture I stole from http://abillco.com/sills-wooden-mdf-pine-oak-window-stained-painted/index.htm)
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? Depends a bit on your furnace. If you have someone that services your furnace, ask them. I used to use a pleated filter with a high MERV value. The second time my furnace broke when it was well below 0 degrees, I spent some time talking with the service man. Apparently the type of furnace I have does not draw air through these filters as well as it should. This causes this part to burn out. I now use the filters that are fiberglass screens and no longer have the problem.
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? A friend of mine did the same thing in their closet. However, they did it with a special switch installed in the door frame. When the door is closed, it presses on the switch which turns off the light. When the door is opened, the switch is activated, and the light comes on. Then it is just a normal light fixture, and florescent lights can work fine.
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? I have seen sheetrock that is advertised as "sound-damping". Using this as the ceiling downstairs may help. Not sure how good the claim is - it was vendor advertising.
What compound should I use to fill drilled holes in cinder block? I have some holes drilled previously on my house that I would like to fill in. Do they make a liquid concrete in a tube compound that I can squeeze into the holes to fill them in and keep wasps out? Outer part of brick has stucco as well.
What compound should I use to fill drilled holes in cinder block? Quikrete mortar repair sounds like it would do the trick.
What compound should I use to fill drilled holes in cinder block? In some places you can lease solar. They maintain all upkeep. You pay a bit extra each month but have no upfront costs. I can only post one hyperlink, but know of three companies. They are Solar City, SunRun and Sungevity. However, as mentioned by @jay, generating your own power is the last step. First you need to calculate your usage. Then reduce. Then power. Most people do a basic calculation, and very little reduction...
How do I cap off / remove a single sprinkler head? I have a corner in my yard that is getting too much water from the sprinkler system. The grass is drowning and moss is growing because it's constantly wet. The adjacent zone seems to throw enough water on that spot. Can I somehow cap off that one rotor, or will I need to completely remove it? If capping, is it a matter of replacing the rotor with a cap. If removal is necessary, will I need to remove that whole spur pipeline, or can that branch just stay in ground full of water?
How do I cap off / remove a single sprinkler head? It depends on where the sprinkler head is located within that zone. If the sprinkler head that you are capping is not a dead end on the line, then you can cap it at this sprinkler head. If it is a dead end, then you need to go to the prior sprinkler head to cap the line. A dead end occurs with the last sprinkler in a series. Capping a dead end leaves water in the underground line with nowhere to go. If the sprinklers are spaced far apart, this wastes water pressure. In areas prone to freezing, it can cause water in the line to ice and damage the pipe. Dead ends should be capped at the preceding or next-to-last sprinkler head. Reference: http://www.doityourself.com/stry/how-to-cap-off-a-sprinkler-head And you do not replace the rotor with a cap but actually just remove the sprinkler head and cap the line. Removing the sprinkler head is very easy to do. Just get a trowel and dig down around the sprinkler head until you have enough clearance to unscrew the current sprinkler head without getting soil in the line. But before you start the work on capping/removing this sprinkler head, I would try adjusting either the current sprinkler head or the other zones sprinkler head to reduce the amount of water being delivered to that spot. Depending on the type of sprinkler heads you have, you might be able to replace/adjust one or both of the sprinkler nozzles to reduce the flow. Or look into adjusting the pattern on the sprinkler to deliver less water in your area. Or you can even reduce the amount of time that one of these zones is watering. My point is that someone already did all that work to install the line and sprinkler so try some other steps first. There have been plenty of times that I have planted a tree or plant or did some other landscaping that blocked a sprinkler heads spray area and then wished I had another head in that location.
How do I identify support beams? I'd like to remodel a couple rooms in our home, but am unsure how to identify support beams when the time comes. Are there any easily-identifiable things I should look for to keep my house from crashing to the ground?
How do I identify support beams? Scott Adams (Yes that one), recently wrote an article,'How I (almost) saved the earth' talking about his experiences with solar cells. Ultimately he concluded they weren't worth it from a ROI perspective. We have a photovoltaic system for generating electricity. That's the most visible sign of a green home, and probably the dumbest. I expect the system to pay for itself in nominal dollars, perhaps in 15 years. But if I compare it with the most obvious alternative, it makes no economic sense. The smart alternative would have been to wait until the costs for systems like this drop by 50%, which will probably happen in a few years. I confess that we put in the photovoltaic system partly for psychological reasons. I heard great stories of energy meters "spinning backwards" and I wanted in on that. But thanks to our local power company, PG&E, I've been unable to determine if the system is working at all. I know for sure that during the first four months I generated power for PG&E, gave it to them for free and then bought it back at full price. It had something to do with a delay in PG&E getting the right kind of meter installed. Now we have the right meter, but no backward-spinning anything that I can detect. And I think I'm getting billed full price, but I can't decipher the impenetrable documents they send me.
Can I wire a light with 3 switches in a 4-way switch configuration with one switch being a dimmer? I have an overhead light wired with a single-pole dimmer switch on one side of the room and a 3-way non-dimmer switch on the other. I would like to add a third switch to this circuit if it's possible without losing the ability to dim the light. Is this possible? Also, the wiring diagrams I've found online all have the power going into the first (3-way) switch. In my situation the power enters at the ceiling fixture. What do I need to do differently for this?
Can I wire a light with 3 switches in a 4-way switch configuration with one switch being a dimmer? Here is a page I just found with diagrams for various 4-way configurations, including one with one of the 3-way switches being a dimmer. Here is a 3-way dimmer switch from Lutron. Looks like I'm all set!
Sump Pump Recommendations I have an outdoor sump pit in front of my basement door to prevent water coming in during strong rain storms. In the pit is a 5 gallon bucket with a 1/4 hp automatic pump. Here's more information on my setup and problems. The sump pump just can't keep up during flash flood level storms. So, any recommendations for sump pumps? Brands you can trust? Specific models that have worked well for you?
Sump Pump Recommendations Go to any paint or big box store, and pick up a couple of the brochures/booklets from the paint companies. They have various color schemes that go together included in them (including the actual paint chips) and so really it's just a matter of picking one you like.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance My front loading washing machine is acting out of balance. It's not too bad when spinning empty but if there are clothes in it, it rocks and makes loud squeaking noises. I've leveled it, front to back and side to side are within level using a 4' bubble level. When it's spinning I can see that the drum moves front to back relative to the door. Can I open it and re-level the drum? Any idea how to level the drum?
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance better you have to do is get the color wheel sample,then easy to combine them which color you like.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance got to this site, hopefully can help you out. http://video.bobvila.com/m/21319451/installing-a-pocket-door.htm
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance If in doubt, don't. It might be worth paying a structural engineer to take a look and let you know if it's safe to remove a wall. Depending on the layout and age of the house, it may not be possible to know without doing some destruction down to the studs to see for sure.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance My last house had all sorts of awful water issues like this, so I feel your pain... In a flash-flood type situation, there isn't much that you're going to do with a pump. You didn't describe the terrain too much, but you need to find a way to redirect some of the water in a different direction. If you have gutters that empty in the area, direct the water further away from the house. Other things that may help: Remove paved or other water-impervious areas. Plant vegetation that will absorb water flow. Google "rain garden" Build a French drain around the area. If it makes sense, dig a drywell. When municipal systems have issues with flash-flood rain, they install cisterns to capture some of the overflow if redirection can't work.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance Definitely replace the gutter, but before to do that make it sure the foundation is still okay and no damage around.Find out the source of tha main problem then fix it before to getting worse. problem.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance This IS a problem, one that you should repair. If you have a basement, then the water will seep into the ground, then look for somewhere to go. You basement (if you have one) is a big, empty hole. Water can navigate into it, even if the basement walls are water-proofed. Water is surprisingly forceful, and very persistent. The water will end up causing long term damage if you let this continue. The water can cause other damage, even if you don't have a basement. As that water runs off the roof and splashes down, it will splash against the house walls. This may cause moisture problems of its own in your walls. So just fix the gutters. An immediate repair is always easier than fixing both the gutters and the problems the failed gutters will cause in the near future.
How can I drill through a Linoleum floor? I would like a drill a hole through my dining room floor to run a wire. The floor is carpeted, so I pulled back the carpet in the corner to find an old linoleum floor. I attempted to drill a hole through it, but the linoleum seemed to melt and then form an impenetrable barrier. What type of drill bit could I use to get through the linoleum and the wood below?
How can I drill through a Linoleum floor? Should have mentioned the washer is mounted on a pedestal. It seems the screws holding it to the pedestal needed to be tightened. It's working fine now. Thanks for the help.
How can I drill through a Linoleum floor? Maybe a hole saw? I'd say it's worth a shot if you have one - or cheap ones are around $5-10. Otherwise, you could always try cutting with a utility knife until you're past the linoleum. Then drill after you've peeled it back. I doesn't have to be pretty if it's going to be beneath carpet.
Why don't the textures of drywall patches match the room? I recently remodeled a bedroom and installed new drywall. We painted the walls and ceiling with flat paint (since this is in the master bedroom and it is supposed to "hide" imprefections better than glossy finishes). But then we had a few "screw pops" in the ceiling where the drywall screws starting coming out (either due to the wood supporting the drywall drying or poor installation on my part to begin with). I decided to fix the screws by adding new screws to hold the drywall up against the joists and either removed the old screws or screwed them deeper into the drywall. Then I patched the holes and repainted. I figured since I was using the same paint and we had put the initial coat on a month earlier the pathes would be invisible. The color is a perfect match (it is the same paint after all) but the "finish" is all wrong. In artificial light or when looking at it on an angle you can still clearly see the patches. Is there anything I can do to get this finish to match? Is this all happening because my paint is the try "flat enamel" and not an eggshell or semi-gloss? The initial coat on the walls (before the repair) was done with a roller while the paint over the patches was done with a brush. However I don't think that made a difference because there are not brush strokes visible and the difference is not where the new paint is (a larger area than the patches) but it just the patched/sanded area.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? The trip lever for the drain in my bath tub is very old (I'm guessing 30+ years) and has begun corroding and rusting. It's definitely time to replace it. I plan to replace the entire trip lever along with the trim plate, linkage, and drain plug. Any tips for replacing it with a new one? What should I look for when buying the replacement parts? Are they all standard or do I need to be sure to look for a particular size to fit the existing tub? Any gotchas I should be aware of while removing the old one or installing the new one?
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? Did you paint just one coat over the patches, or two? I've noticed texture differences when I patch something between the first and second coats. Something else you could try is to prime over the patch first, and then paint.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? Painting with a roller leaves an "orange peel" type texture that you can't match exactly with a brush. When you brushed your new paint on, the orange peel texture in the unsanded areas just telegraphed through your new brushed paint, but the smoothly sanded parts had no such base texture so they look visibly smoother. To fix this I'd go over your patches again with a small roller and you should get the same sheen and texture as in the original paint.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? The difference in the texture is because a roller was used originally and then you are painting the patch with a brush. Use a roller on the second coat and you will notice the texture will match exactly. That is one of the reasons why you are told to cut in on the edges with a brush first and then roll out the rest of the wall... because if you do it the other way around, then you will end up with a brush width area along all edges with a different texture.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? Extended Spade Bit.
Can I vent a dryer from the same mechanical closet as a water heater.? I'm currently looking at a condo to purchase and the existing "closet" that contains the plumbing and venting for a washer/dryer is a bit on the small side. It's probably not that big of a renovation to expand that space given the layout, etc, but there's also a small room that holds units gas water heater. I'm wondering if there's likely any SAFE way to house the washer/dryer in the same space as the gas water heater, being able to share the venting between them. I'm not optimistic that it's doable, but figured it didn't hurt to see some opinions.
Can I vent a dryer from the same mechanical closet as a water heater.? better to remove the old one, then bring it with you when you do shopping, then show to the place where is you gonna buy it, or go to the second hand renovation shop and could be they have a spare of the old bathtub. But I believe there is have somewhere. And I think they are still standard... Good luck : )
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? I've used these anchors in the past...I really like them for heavy duty mounting in drywall (for things such as vertical standards for shelves). However, these make pretty big holes in the drywall. Eventually if you take them down, put up new ones in different spots, they will essentially add many little holes to the drywall. You can patch it up, but the patched up spots won't have the same holding power. What are my alternatives, if any?
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? if you refer to the "Microparticle Performance Rating", such as the difference between red Filtrete and purple Filtrete (and there are cheaper or more expensive then these 2), then I would say that it depends on: 1. do you have pets? 2. does anyone in your family get allergies, especially when you turn the heat/ac on? If yes to both, go with higher filter. If no, go with a lower one. One thing I do is in the winter, I start with the cheapest (about $3, 1") filter. Since in the first month, most of the big junk will get into the filter (junk waiting all summer to get sucked into the vent). After the first month of heavy use, maybe 2, I switch to a slightly more expensive one (usually the Red). I have no pets.
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? An alternative to using a large wall anchor for heavy duty mounting is to always find a wall stud for whatever item you are hanging on the wall. Then you can use a smaller gauge screw (or nail) without any type of anchor required. This will leave a smaller hole in the drywall and give you all the strength you need, but limit you to the places where you can position the item. I am not sure what the weight of the item is that you are looking to hang on the wall but another alternative could be to just use drywall screws without any wall anchor. In my house I do this a lot with light pictures, etc. A drywall screw positioned at a slight downward angle has a good amount of holding power especially if it is something that is not going to get a lot of use but just sit there (I do not recommend just a drywall screw for something like a coat hook). And then you can always use picture hangers like this that would only make a small nail hole: Or even those sticky Picture Hanging Strips like this:
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? I suggest you try some OOK Hangers. They are easy to install, don't make large holes, and hold a surprising amount of weight.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? I'm looking at purchasing an older home as a primary dwelling. On going through the house with an experienced Realtor and several experienced DIY people for reference (but not a home inspector or other professional), I've identified several possible problems: A very cold basement, some smells, and other signs - including the seller's agent mentioning possible water into the basement, points to the presence of at least mildew and maybe mold The metal pipes appear to be corroding in places Flickering lights when other electricity is run and very old switches and outlets indicate possible wiring issues The dryer is not vented to the outside, which is a fire code violation There is a recent crack in a wall due to (speculation at this point) a window being replaced with a new window that has too big of a header The flooring in the kitchen is an odd orange color from some sort of leak There are several settlement cracks in walls, ceilings, and what looks to be one in a floor Perhaps some of these problems could be addressed via DIY, but many of them require professionals (I am no plumber or electrician, although I can handle things like fixing flooring and drywall). Is there a way to get an informal estimate on some of the issues to figure out if the cost of the house plus the cost of the repairs is within my budget or not? I'd like to be able to do this prior to making an offer - if I decide the headache is worth it - so that I can offer what the house would be worth without the many repairs needed.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? When looking for a home inspector you could try to find one who is knowlegable about renovation/remodeling that may be able to give you ballpark figures. Another option would be to have a good general contractor walk through with you and give you an general estimate. Personally my major concern is the last point regarding the settlement cracks, it sounds like a potential foundation problem which would be no fun at all. The electrical is probably ancient knob and tube and has been overloaded over the years as electrical demand has increased. Is there a new breaker box or fuses? Even if it is a breaker box you still proabably have lots of old k&t. This can be a real pain to replace without punching lots of holes in the walls/ceiling. The basement probably has water coming in. Not a uncommon at all, there are lots of companies that will waterproof it for you. Personally I get it water proofed from the outside if you don't want to deal with the water in there or if you want to finish the basement.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? After realizing I had screw holes in my rubber and some other problems, I had to do a total roof replacement. So, sealing this gap wasn't my solution.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? Very likely not. The codes around heating and cooling are very specific about the sizing of vent pipes - if the pipe is too small, you'll get back pressure and carbon monoxide issues. If the pipe is too large, you'll get condensation issues. Adding another appliance to an existing vent pipe (whether a chimney or a PVC pipe) will almost certainly put it out of code compliance.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? Lamp blowouts can be a sign of an improperly grounded outlet, you want to make sure that isn't the case because that's a fire hazard. Other issues could be: Overvoltage - many houses have more than 120 V coming in... I believe there is a 10% variance. Cheap bulbs will die quickly when there is more than 120 V. Try a 130 V rated bulb. Heat - Some 3-way bulbs go up to 150 watts, which is too high for many lamps. Heat - Some lampshades, especially if they are customized for appearance, do not dissipate heat quickly enough. Heat = low bulb life
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? An alternative is you could get a non-venting dryer like the one I had in a previous condo. It is slower to dry and your clothes come out wrinkled a lot but it's better than trekking to the laundromat! Oh yeah and no building code violations! :) Just to pile on - using the furnace vent for dryer exhaust ducting is a definite no-no. This is the washer/dryer combo I had
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? Just to answer the basic question; there is no such thing as a continuous stream "water quality monitor". Just like Gregmac and Vebjorn stated in their posts above, there are many elements which determine water quality. I can tell you based on working in power plants, and large physical plants we had (at only a handful of facilities mind you...) several systems which would do continuous monitoring and chemical injection, but it was generally monitoring only one parameter - such as pH or TDS. Most water quality analysis at power plants is still done by hand because the equipment to automate the testing is either very expensive, not practical to use or vaporware. And mind you, these are facilities that use much more water than all of us (and I mean like every member of diy.stackexchange) combined on a daily basis.
What electrical requirements does a garbage disposal have? I just moved into a new house (well, actually it's old - 1920). We don't have a garbage disposal and was interested in in having one installed so I called a plumber. He estimated $650-750 saying that the electrical wiring would be the main cost because the electrical needs to be run directly to the circuit breaker. Is that right? Perhaps I can do the wiring myself?
What electrical requirements does a garbage disposal have? Yes, you'll need a 20 Amp 120V outlet with just the disposal on it. I don't see why you shouldn't be able to wire it up yourself. Something else to think about - is your house on a septic tank or a sewer system? Some city regulations don't allow a garbage disposal on a septic tank. Ours is kind of kludged with the switch under the sink because it was an after-inspection add-on to the house when it was built. At least that's what the home inspector told me when I asked him about it.
Is an interior laundry room without an HVAC vent a code violation? Currently looking at a home which has a nice 2nd floor laundry. Vented dryer, nice rack for hanging clothes, etc. However, it's in the center of the home and does not contain an HVAC (central air) vent. It does have a vent for the dryer. Is this a "code" problem or just poor design? I'm concerned that clothes may not dry properly without air circulation when hanging...and also in the dryer for that matter.
Is an interior laundry room without an HVAC vent a code violation? This is a code problem. You also have the issue with the hot, humid air ( MOLD? ) and the lint ( FIRE DANGER ). Or did I mis-read this - is there a vent but just no central air vent?
Is an interior laundry room without an HVAC vent a code violation? You can put a ceiling fan in pretty easily. I don't think it is a code violation or my garage laundry room in Florida would not be in compliance :) [it is not air conditioned]. I am pretty certain you only have to air condition living areas.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I have two trash cans that sit on the side of my house. What can I do to keep them from blowing away due to the wind, when they are empty? I've tried bungee cording them together but they then just blow away as a couple. I have concrete block so I thought I could maybe attach hooks and use bungee cords to secure them to the house.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I've seen some houses near me have a sort of cage for them -- looks like a little fenced-off area on the side of the house, with the trash cans in there, and can swing open in front to get the trash cans out. If it's really windy, you might need to add a top to it, so the trash cans can't lift out in high winds.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Although most are based on the National Building Code, code should always be assumed to be local. Pretty much every local regulating body has their own alterations. If you really do care about being in compliance, check with your local Building Inspector or appropriate department. The Internet is NEVER the place for the correct answer to "is this code-compliant?", unless you include your municipal web site.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Your idea of a bungee cording the trash cans to the side of the house might be the easiest option. (Other than duct tape.) You could try a set of D-rings and concrete screws for that. Just make sure they'll be rust-resistant.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I don't have any first-hand experience with these, but they've always looked interesting to me. Monkey hooks/Gorilla hooks "As seen on TV"
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I've never dealt with the stuff, but I'd say if it's near the ridge line, remove whatever you have as a ridge cap, place the patch on top of the hole large enough to tuck under the ridge cap, and then replace the ridge cap. If it's lower down, I think I'd patch it from the inside, and use silicone or some other sealant from above. As for adhesives, my normal stand-by for this sort of thing (waterproof, gluing sheets together) is DAP contact cement, but the two pieces might not mate together well enough for that. You could probably use a mastic, such as the roof cement they sell in caulk-gun tubes for dealing with flashing, although, it tends to be pretty ugly, so you might want to just use it to afix it, and then use silicone around the edges. (I don't know if silicone would hold well enough for this on its own)
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Good roundup of tools from here: http://www.charlesandhudson.com/archives/2010/07/3d_virtual_room_planning_tools.htm A couple that stand out, both run in your browser, and allow drag-and-drop of furniture and appliances, measurements on walls, 3D renderings, etc. Autodesk Homestyler MyDeco 3D
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I came up with an idea earlier today. If I put the plastic over the window and then put a board over top the piece that is hanging over the sill, I can stick that down and then put a board (maybe a meter stick?) on top of it. I can keep this board tight by using some clamps (probably those clamps used for holding down table cloths on picnic tables). I believe this might do the trick although it is a little extra work. The nice thing is that it's not permanent and it sounds like it would be inexpensive.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? We used to get excellent results on this same problem by using cinder blocks. I'd just leave them around the garbage cans like a border, and wedge the cans inside them. It works surprisingly well, and it's simple, requiring no construction.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Definitely would be helpful to see a picture, but something like this under-door weather stripping attaches directly underneath the door and I doubt your cat would be able to get to it.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Since you already have the bungie cords you could put up a post (wood, metal) in between them attached to a heavy block on the ground, put a hook/D-Ring near the top, and then wrap the bungie cord around each can attaching it to the post.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? When you say "venting through the eaves", do you mean 1) exhausting throgh a vent in the roof, or 2) exhausting through the soffit (the flat underside of the roof) ? I like the idea of venting through the soffit, so that no rain can enter the roof if I do a less than perfect job of sealing the vent. But I do not know if this is acceptable.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? You should give Sweet Home 3D a try, http://www.sweethome3d.com/index.jsp. Its not perfect but it does satisfy your requirements. You can also convert Google Sketchup designs into native SH3D objects.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? here is the other idea how to make component to goggle skecthUp Once you make your own design by goggle skecthUp, after you done your design, capture them all the way down,then right click from your mouse,then click make component,then name it/description/create/ then go to statistic/ then save as/ go to folder where ever you want to save your component.if you need model... just go to click file/ after click file /click 3D warehouse/then click get model. After you do that just type what you need , like if you need window just type window,then click search...then there is a lot of sample of windows coming out and just download them.. and you have your window just like that. hope this is helpful Good luck and cheers : )
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? It sounds like someone replaced the pull-chain switch for the fan with one made for a light.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? A variation on Steve Armstrong's answer. Years ago, I used X10 controllers to control some CFLs outside my house. As long a one of the lights was a incandescent, it worked fine. I never understood why, but his answer explains it (assuming you understand electricity, switching and such). So if you wire a small normal light bulb in parallel with your fluorescent strip, it may work. You'll get the light level you want while still using less juice.
Can we build some sort of ventilation system in our rental apartment? There isn't an exhaust fan in our kitchen. Everytime we fry or bake something we set off the smoke detector. There's a window pretty close to our kitchen. Is there a way to rig up some sort of flexible exhaust tubing and a fan so that we can draw the smoke out our window?
How do I troubleshoot noisy power lines for power-line networking? I have some power-line ethernet adaptors that worked great in my previous house. At my new house, they can't get more than a few KB per second because there's too much noise in the line according to the device statistics. How can I troubleshoot what's causing the noise, and what tools would I need?
How do I troubleshoot noisy power lines for power-line networking? Is it sufficient to put a window fan in the window when cooking? If not, there are ductless range hoods, also known as recirculating range hoods. These filter the air and lets it back out in the room.
How do I troubleshoot noisy power lines for power-line networking? Take a walk through with the home inspector and see what he says. If you are still interested in the house, find a good general contractor (that you trust) and take him on a walk through. The contractor should be able to give you a good estimate on what it will cost to fix any issues, he may also give you some price breaks if you are willing to let him handle all the work. Just make sure you are comfortable with the contractor before you ask them to go on the walk through, they might be upset if they take time to walk through with you and then you find a new contractor to do the work. Keep in mind, however, that if the contractor starts work and does a sub-par job, you can always fire him and find a new contractor.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? I want to add an electrical outlet in my unfinished basement. It makes sense to run the wire along the ceiling because that's where all the other wires are. What is the proper way to install NM cable either parallel to or perpendicular to the ceiling joists, given that the ceiling is not insulated and the joists are exposed? The current situation is a bit mixed. Parallel wires are sometimes stapled to the edge of the joist and sometimes to the side, but not generally as far as 19 mm (3/4 in) from the edge. Perpendicular wires are mostly stapled to each joist and hanging freely between, but sometimes stapled to a board. I live in Massachusetts, and therefore subject to NEC 2008 with these amendments.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? You could start by turning off circuits at the service panel one at a time until the noise level drops. Once you have it isolated to a particular circuit, turn off or unplug devices until you find what's causing it. The usual suspects for electrical noise in houses would be motors -- fridges, washers, etc. -- and fluorescent lights generally the 4' or 8' long tubes with magnetic ballasts, less so with CFLs (see Brian's comment below), so you should start with those circuits first. If you can't isolate the problem that way, and if you can power your networking equipment from batteries (laptops, UPS, etc.) you could turn off the main breaker to the house and see if the problem is inherent to the wiring or environment.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? Like Mike Powell says, I think it's against code to stable wire to the bottom of joists. Regardless of that, there are many reasons not to do that: If you ever want to put up drywall, the wires are in the way It's ugly If you're running parallel to joists, staple the wire to the inside of the joist every couple feet. The wire should be at least an inch away from the bottom edge (basically, if you ever cover it with drywall or some other ceiling, you don't want people putting nails etc into the cable). If you're perpendicular to the joists, drill holes (I generally use a 1/2" spade bit for 14AWG NM), and then run the cable through those. You should also have a staple within 12" of any bend or entrance to a box.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? Here is what New York State says Where the cable is run at angles with joists in unfinished basements, cable assemblies containing two or more conductors of sizes 6 AWG and larger and assemblies containing three or more conductors of sizes 8 AWG and larger shall not require additional protection where attached directly to the bottom of the joists. Smaller cables shall be run either through bored holes in joists or on running boards. Where run parallel with the framing member, the wiring shall be 1.25 inches from the edge of a framing member such as a joist, rafter or stud or shall be physically protected. Bored holes in studs and vertical framing members for wiring shall be located 1.25 inches from the edge or shall be protected with a minimum 0.0625-inch steel plate or sleeve or other physical protection. Where installed in grooves, to be covered by wallboard, siding, paneling, carpeting, or similar finish, wiring methods shall be protected by 0.0625-inch-thick steel plate, sleeve, or equivalent or by not less than 1.25-inch free space for the full length of the groove in which the cable or raceway is installed. Bored holes in joists, rafters, beams and other horizontal framing members shall be 2 inches from the edge of the structural framing member. Securely fastened bushings or grommets shall be provided to protect wiring run through openings in metal framing members. The maximum number of 90-degree bends shall not exceed four between junction boxes. Bushings shall be provided where entering a box, fitting or enclosure unless the box or fitting is designed to afford equivalent protection. Ends of raceways shall be reamed to remove rough edges. Basically staple all parallel runs 1.25" away from the joist edge. All perpendicular runs should pass through a bored hole 2" from the edge of the joist. Support wire every 4-6' with either staple or through a bored hole. Staple wire within 12" of entering a box or bend. And make sure all boxes have proper wire clamps. NEC 2008 300.4 Protection Against Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, conductors shall be protected. (A) Cables and Raceways Through Wood Members (1) Bored Holes. In both exposed and concealed locations, where a cable- or raceway-type wiring method is installed through bored holes in joists, rafters, or wood members, holes shall be bored so that the edge of the hole is not less than 32 mm (1 1⁄4 in.) from the nearest edge of the wood member. Where this distance cannot be maintained, the cable or raceway shall be protected from penetration by screws or nails by a steel plate(s) or bushing(s), at least 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick, and of appropriate length and width installed to cover the area of the wiring. Exception No. 1: Steel plates shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing. Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted (2) Notches in Wood. Where there is no objection because of weakening the building structure, in both exposed and concealed locations, cables or raceways shall be permitted to be laid in notches in wood studs, joists, rafters, or other wood members where the cable or raceway at those points is protected against nails or screws by a steel plate at least 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick, and of appropriate length and width, installed to cover the area of the wiring. The steel plate shall be installed before the building ﬁnish is applied. Exception No. 1: Steel plates shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing. Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted. 334.15 Exposed Work. In exposed work, except as provided in 300.11(A), cable shall be installed as speciﬁed in 334.15(A) through (C). (A) To Follow Surface. Cable shall closely follow the surface of the building ﬁnish or of running boards (B) Protection from Physical Damage. Cable shall be protected from physical damage where necessary by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or other approved means. Where passing through a ﬂoor, the cable shall be enclosed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or other approved means extending at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the ﬂoor. Type NMC cable installed in shallow chases or grooves in masonry, concrete, or adobe, shall be protected in accordance with the requirements in 300.4(E) and covered with plaster, adobe, or similar ﬁnish. (C) In Unﬁnished Basements and Crawl Spaces. Where cable is run at angles with joists in unﬁnished basements and crawl spaces, it shall be permissible to secure cables not smaller than two 6 AWG or three 8 AWG conductors directly to the lower edges of the joists. Smaller cables shall be run either through bored holes in joists or on running boards. NM cable installed on the wall of an unﬁnished basement shall be permitted to be installed in a listed conduit or tubing or shall be protected in accordance with 300.4. Conduit or tubing shall be provided with a suitable insulating bushing or adapter at the point the cable enters the raceway. The NM cable sheath shall extend through the conduit or tubing and into the outlet or device box not less than 6 mm (1⁄4 in.). The cable shall be secured within 300 mm (12 in.) of the point where the cable enters the conduit or tubing. Metal conduit, tubing, and metal outlet boxes shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor. 334.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Types NM, NMC, or NMS cable shall be protected in accordance with 300.4 where installed through or parallel to framing members. Grommets used as required in 300.4(B)(1) shall remain in place and be listed for the purpose of cable protection. 334.30 Securing and Supporting. Nonmetallic-sheathed cable shall be supported and secured by staples, cable ties, straps, hangers, or similar ﬁttings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable, at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (4 1⁄2 ft) and within 300 mm (12 in.) of every outlet box, junction box, cabinet, or ﬁtting. Flat cables shall not be stapled on edge. Sections of cable protected from physical damage by raceway shall not be required to be secured within the raceway. (A) Horizontal Runs Through Holes and Notches. In other than vertical runs, cables installed in accordance with 300.4 shall be considered to be supported and secured where such support does not exceed 1.4-m (4 1⁄2-ft) intervals and the nonmetallic-sheathed cable is securely fastened in place by an approved means within 300 mm (12 in.) of each box, cabinet, conduit body, or other nonmetallicsheathed cable termination.
Does a homeowner need a permit for electrical work in Massachusetts? Does a homeowner need to obtain a permit from the town in order to do electrical work on his own house in Massachusetts? The unofficial answers I can find online (e.g., this forum and the websites of various towns) are all over the place, and apparently the answers one gets when calling town wiring inspectors also varies, so I am looking for an authorative source. There are examples of towns saying that only licensed electricians can do wiring work (e.g., Stoneham and Wayland), but also many towns that say the opposite and issue permits to homeowners (e.g., Greenfield, Carlisle, and Marion), so I don't consider town web pages authorative. M.G.L. ch. 143 §3L says that “No person shall install for hire any electrical wiring or fixtures subject to this section without … giving notice to the inspector of wires … by mailing or delivering a permit application form …”. This seems to indicate that electrical work that is not for hire does not need a permit, but I don't know if it's the whole story. The final paragraph of the same section of the law says that “Any person installing for hire electrical wiring or fixtures subject to this section shall notify the inspector of wires in writing upon the completion of the work. The inspector of wires shall, within five days of such notification, give written notice of his approval or disapproval of said work.” Again limited to work for hire. (In order to avoid localizing this question further, let's ignore the fact that individual towns may have stricter rules. And it's obviously dangerous for a homeowner to do electrical work he is not qualified for, so many of us should hire an electrician for everything except the simplest work.)
Help reinstalling an external door threshold During recent flooding, the threshold for our basement door trapped about 1.5" inches of water in the basement. In an attempt to get it out the threshold was forcibly removed, and now with hurricane season it'd be nice to have it back. The problems are two-fold: The threshold was nailed into the door frame before the frame was installed in the basement opening. So the nails go from the outside (i.e. their heads are against cement). I might be able to yank the nails, heads and all, through the door framing, but is there a better solution? What is a good way to ensure a nice tight replacement fit? Adding a sealable weep hole under the threshold might help water drain in a future flood, but I want it weather tight other than that hole, both where it butts against the frame and against the floor. Assume zero budget but a decent array of tools.
Help reinstalling an external door threshold Well, you encouraged me to do some legwork. From http://www.ci.stoneham.ma.us/pages/stonehamma_building/faq#work: State law requires anyone performing electrical, plumbing or gas work to be licensed. More authoritatively but less clearly, from this Word doc on mass.gov, the row under "Wiring" says "By licensed trades only." and "Bldg. Permit? yes"
Help reinstalling an external door threshold If I'm understanding #1 correctly, you have the business end of nails sticking out of your door frame right now, and you can't get to the heads? You could use a cut-off wheel with a dremel to take care of that.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? I'm planning to replace the linoleum floor in my kitchen in the next few months. According to a friend, I do not need to remove the existing linoleum and can just lay down new flooring on top. However, this just strikes me as wrong. So, should I remove the existing linoleum or not? Not sure if it matters, but I'm considering bamboo, cork tiles, or marmoleum as the replacement.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? Recording studios have to solve this problem all the time. You may find good information by hunting under that aegis. One thing to take note is that transmission of high frequency and low frequency have very different solutions. High frequency it's mostly a matter of stopping the air motion; since you're taking about floors, you want to damp out low freq: Large mass helps by converting vibrations to lower (subsonic, inaudible) frequencies. The extra layer of subfloor you added is extra mass. The canonical solution to blocking lowfreq is a big bookcase full of heavy books; think about that on its side. Physical isolation with a sound-dampening substance also helps--reducing the amplitude of the transmitted vibration. For example, rigid foam strapping over the joists before nailing the subfloor down might assist with the noise transmission through the wood. This sounds like your 'joist isolators'. Or a thick pad under a carpet (if there is a carpet). Ironically by tying your subfloor tightly to the joists, you have increased sound transmission. Spoiling the emittance of the listening side also helps. The ceiling of the floor below is acting as a big, taut speaker, magnifying sounds from above. This is what QuietRock does--it absorbs energy as it flexes, turning it to heat instead of sound. Putting irregular structure behind the wall might help alter its resonance, prevent booming noises from transmitting. Sound diffusers help break up the sound. Because the sound you are creating is things like footsteps, this is harder to do--but be aware that the upper level can be amplifying the sounds by aiming them at the floor (think of the extreme case of a dome, which will reflect noise straight back at the floor). Acoustic tile in the upstairs room might help with high freq reduction, or baffles in the corners--or just more bookcases and sofas upstairs. You can also add diffusers to the downstairs room, but you run the risk of making it sound 'dead' or making it quiet enough the muffled noise from upstairs becomes more annoying. ;) Hope this works out!
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? If you prep your surface first (clean it thoroughly), and it is mostly intact (especially at the edges) you should have no problems laying new rigid flooring over top. I have heard of kitchen remodels where they find 4-5 layers of linoleum! You do have to account for the increased thickness with cabinets and appliances.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? Removing old linoleum flooring is difficult to do and as long as the current linoleum is flat and level then you should be fine laying a new surface on top of it. With that said though, when I remodeled my bathroom I did remove the old linoleum to put a new tile floor down. I actually found removing the linoleum fairly easy as I was able to peel most of it up in a single sheet and then I just scraped the remaining loose adhesive off the floor before putting down the backer board. (But I am not sure this would be the typical linoleum floor removal experience... maybe my linoleum floor was not properly installed originally.) If you are going to keep your current linoleum down, the biggest thing to watch out for is that the new flooring will add height and could affect the thresholds and/or appliances. In the case of my bathroom remodel above, it is a good thing I did remove the old linoleum because the new tile floor is just at the level of the threshold. If the linoleum was there then I would have needed to raise the threshold. Many flooring choices can be laid directly over your old vinyl flooring, as long as it is flat and even. Keep in mind that anything you add to the floors on top of your old flooring will make the thresholds that much higher too; it can also impact any appliances that fit under the counter, like your dishwasher. You will want to consider this before you do too much work. You may find that the height change may cause a tripping hazard. Reference: http://www.theflooringlady.com/removing_vinyl_flooring_000805.html
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? If it were me I would remove it. No reason other than I like to start fresh when remodeling, and I don't feel like I did a good job unless I do.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? In some cases (such as mine), you'll find that the old stuff isn't glued down properly, forcing you to remove it when you otherwise could have gone over top...
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? Here is a short article on the subject. A phone call to your local permitting office is the best--and only--way to determine if you need a permit. Believe it or not, many permit officers are happy to discuss permitting issues with anonymous callers as a way to ward off future code violations.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? the other option, you can make tile patio with a design of mosaic, that is quiet cool... : )
What are my compact CNC milling machine options for stone carving? I am looking for suggestions about a small and compact CNC milling machine to sculpt decorative figures in metal and stone plates. I have no experience with such machines (I once saw an industrial one using high pressure water to cut through marble, but it's beyond my needs, budget and expertise), but I would not need a professional level machine, just a hobby level one with basic functionalities I would like to know the following information: suggestions for resellers and products expected price expected maintenance tips for usage and precautions
Can I replace a section of copper pipe with flexiable PVC? The valve at the end of the supply line for my ice maker started leaking from that top. In trying to remove the valve, I twisted the copper supply line. The section of pipe is 6 inches, and the twist is right above a 90 degree elbow. I have a replacement valve, but I'm wondering if it would be okay to cut the elbow off and run a piece of flexible PVC from the copper line to the new valve using a compression fitting to join them. Are there any issues with this I'm not seeing?
Can I replace a section of copper pipe with flexiable PVC? I've had the same problem. It turns out you have to clean your washing machine every once in a while. Most newer washers have a cleaning cycle where you put in some bleach and let the cycle run. There are also products like Washer Magic and Tide Washing Machine Cleaner. Sometimes it takes more than one cycle to fix the problem depending on how long you've run your washer without cleaning. Mine was nasty after the first time. I had to clean out the drum with some paper towels because it kicked out some serious gunk.
Can I replace a section of copper pipe with flexiable PVC? You can use the Sharkbite or Gatorbite connectors as a junction for copper and PVC. Sharkbite and Gatorbite connectors are "snap together" connectors available at Lowes or HomeDepot, you can put copper in one side and PVC in another.
What is the quietest range (cooker) hood? I have looked into the Broan Allure series which claim to be quiet (1 sone). However on closer inspection, the claimed sound level is only for the lowest setting. The highest setting is 4 sones (4 times louder). Is this something with no workaround or are there quiet models out there.
What is the quietest range (cooker) hood? I had a new patio laid by a mason with fiber mesh concrete. It has a nice picture frame edge. It'll probably run you between $200-400 for a yard or so of concrete plus labor. Not sure how big you want to make it. Fiber mesh does not require rebar and is stronger. I love my new patio. You'll have some fibers sticking out for a while, but they go away eventually.
What is the quietest range (cooker) hood? try to go here as well, is good for the beginner user http://sketchup.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?answer=116174&cbid=107x69sr2freo&src=cb&lev=index
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? In a planned kitchen remodel, one upgrade is to install an outside vented range hood. My choices are to vent vertically up through the roof or up and then horizontally (8') out the kitchen wall. The vertical option is considerably more difficult and costly. Are there drawbacks to the horizontal option? The vertical option is not simple as it will need to go through a second floor and an attic in a 1934 house. Provided that building codes don't force that option, I'm hoping for the horizontal option as long as there are no serious drawbacks.
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? In Massachusetts, the building code says that range hoods “shall discharge to the outdoors through a single-wall duct” (780 CMR 6502.1). I am not sure what that means.
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? You need to learn to use Components in SketchUp; they do exactly what you want. They do not "stick" to other parts of your model and won't affect other lines/etc but you can still snap to them when drawing. Also, you can go into a component and edit it, and the changes will be reflected in all the copies you have made of that component (or, you can break a single component free and edit only that one). Additionally, the paid version lets you create Dynamic Components; e.g., a cabinet where you can alter the reveal around the door just by entering a number, or a stair where you can set the run, rise, and number of treads without drawing anything new. Components will do it for you!
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? It shouldn't be a problem to vent the range hood out the wall, just make sure you check your local codes before doing so. I wouldn't think this would be a problem, but there could be different laws in densely populated areas as apposed to rural regions. And laws/codes can vary depending on your locale. Make sure you install the vent properly, and include a back flow prevention device (unless you like cold/warm air coming in from outside).
How do I fix flattened carpet pile? Can I prevent this from happening? As is often the case when replacing furniture, I've just bought a new sofa, but the old one has left "footprints" where the carpet pile has been squashed under the feet of the old one. Is there anything that can be done to make the old footprints blend in? Similarly, is there anything I can do to prevent this in the future?
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? I'm using it for a dining table. I really like the size, it's perfect as a large dining table. What finish should I choose? What is a food safe finish? If I drop food on the table I want to be able to pick it up and still eat it. :)
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? You can probably use a good food grade mineral oil. I used to use it on my butcher block counter top.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? I have heard about putting an ice cube in the indentation and letting it melt will help raise the fibers. I did try this once and while it did seem to loosen up the carpet, I still had to comb out the indentation a little.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? There are a bunch site like hobbycnc that sell plans and parts to build your own hobby cnc. Here's a site that sells a kit. Looks pretty neat actually...now I know what I want for Christmas! Update: Just found the Torchmate series. They have a Torchmate 2x2 version starting at $3000.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? Two options spring to mind: Rearrange your furniture regularly. This will cause flattening elsewhere, but give the original area time to "recover". If you don't want to do this make sure you move the sofa when you vacuum. The suction should help the pile lift a little bit (but it's not a complete solution). If it's not a fitted carpet rotate it every so often. If it's square do it 90° at time, if not 180° will have to do. Again it spreads the flattening out and gives the previously affected areas time to recover.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? Plumbing From the Latin for lead (plumbum), which was the material first used for water pipes. Now long since superseded and banned in some places lead pipes can still be found in older properties, particularly in the UK. Materials now include copper, plastic and other non corrosive materials. More information Wikipedia on plumbing
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? For questions about the supply and removal of water and liquid waste.
Kind of contractor to hire to install new basement window, where there was none before? A family member is interested in getting their basement finished, and one of the things they'd like to do is have an additional bedroom in the basement. The bedroom should have a window. However, the basement doesn't have a window in the area most desired for the bedroom location. What kind of contractor should be hired to install a new basement window where there wasn't one before? i.e. this is not replacing a window, but creating one where there used to be concrete, brick, etc. The window people spoken to supply and install windows but won't do the harder parts. It sounds like foundation-related work to me, but it's not installing or repairing foundation, rather modifying some foundation, removing bricks, installing a lintel, a window well, correct drainage? Essentially, we're not sure where to start looking in the phone book! Foundation people? Brick people? Other?
Kind of contractor to hire to install new basement window, where there was none before? I would start with Architect or Structural Engineer because for that kind of work you're going to need permits, which means detailed drawings for the applications. They would probably have recommendations for a General Contractor that would be able to do the job (with or without subcontractors).
Kind of contractor to hire to install new basement window, where there was none before? Most wood finishes are food safe (for table tops - not necessarily for food preparation) once they've dried. For durability you might want to consider polyurethane, but I don't care much for its appearance. Otherwise, I would just stain (or not) and use Watco oil then put several coats of a high quality paste wax such as Briwax or Mylands. There really is a huge difference between those waxes and the mass-market ones. For most cleaning just use a very, very slightly dampened lint-free cloth (rather than a furniture spray).
Is it possible to install pocket doors in the cavity of an external wall? Is it possible to install pocket doors in the cavity of an external wall, it will be an internal door as it's between a room and a conservatory. The cavity does have foam in it though.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? So my storm door is in rough shape, and needs to be replaced. It is a Larson storm with two closers (one at the top and one at the bottom). The replacement door I have picked out is a Pella Select with the same double-closer arrangement (haven't bought it yet). The door jamb around the upper closer is cracked. Here is a picture (with a ruler for scale). So, I need to repair the cracks. Also, when I replace the door, I would like to use some bigger/tougher brackets so the new screws don't align with the old cracks, and to prevent a similar problem in the future. For repairing the cracks, my plan was to remove the old door/closers/brackets and fill in the cracks with wood epoxy, let it cure, sand, and repaint the jamb. In the past, I had good luck with this Elmer's product to fill in some rotted wood trim. It cured harder than the original wood, and was easy to sand and paint. (I never tried putting screws through it though.) So, I was planning on using the same thing again. Installing bigger/tougher brackets seems to be a challenge. As you can see in the picture, the closer is very close to the edge of the door jamb (<1 inch), leaving me very little room to work with. On the new Pella door, the closers appear to be closer to the edge than the old door, so it will be an even tighter fit. Option #1: The two local home improvement stores sell the same brand of over-sized bracket (this one). However, I have measured this bracket, and I don't think it will fit. It is too tall, would hit the top of the jamb. (Maybe I could file off the edge of the bracket.) Option #2: I found this product called the Ultra Jamb Reinforcer. Basically a big metal plate that goes under the bracket. It supports being mounted in a top, middle, or bottom arrangement. Using the top & bottom arrangement, I should be able to mount a pair of Ultra Jambs with room to spare. I also like the Ultra Jamb because the screw holes are spread out, which would (hopefully) take stress off the cracked/epoxied wood. Option #3: I could probably build my own reinforcing bracket with some strips of metal from the local hardware store. Just hacksaw, file, and then drill some screw holes. However, anything I make myself will probably not look as good as an off-the-shelf product. So, my questions are: Has anyone done a similar repair, and if so do you have any advice to offer? Is the Elmer's wood epoxy a good way to repair the cracks? Is there a better solution? (besides tearing apart the jamb) Is the Ultra Jamb a good choice to reinforce the brackets? Is there another product out there that will work better?
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? Can you just use longer screws? The screws would not only go through the damaged wood but also into whatever support is behind it. Of course this would not work if you have a side light on that side. The other thing to consider is not using a storm with a double closer, but just one on the bottom (although you may have a reason for the double closer).
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? Its going to vary by jurisdiction, but keep in mind that those laws are there in a state like Massachusetts because the local unions demand it. It will be a cold day in hell before I pay one of the 12 licensed plumbers/electricians in my local jurisdiction $500 (the going rate) for a trivial task like installation of a toilet or a ceiling fan. The fine is the same as the exorbitant free.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? How long do you wait between washing and drying? It's summer and hot in most places. Leaving clothes in the washer all day will leave you with stinky clothing.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? One thing that comes to mind is that the pocket would not be very well insulated and so you might have heating/cooling issues with that wall (depending on how the conservatory is used).
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? Ask your realtor for recommendations for home inspectors, then avoid calling those individuals. (Realtors want to make a sale.) Call around and find an experienced home inspector and a structural engineer. If you're concerned about electrical and plumbing, you might want to bring in a tradesman if you're not satisfied with the inspection report.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? We had a similar problem with our top loading washing machine. During some maintenance of the laundry room, I had to remove the washing machine and so I took it outside, tilted it back at about 45 degrees, and sprayed the tub and a lot of the other areas with a garden hose. I saw a lot of gunk come out and since then we have not had the problem of damp smelling clothes. I know this would not be easy to do but might be something to consider.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? I don't think it's likely to meet building code requirements in the US, if you care about that. In particular, I would be concerned about both its fire resistance when closed, and the ease (or lack thereof) of opening it during an emergency situation. If you're concerned about clearance and hence don't want a door that will swing into either adjacent room, would it be possible to use a sliding glass door instead? Those are familiar to inspectors/installers and you ought to be able to find one that's well insulated and which will fit in the same size opening as your proposed pocket door, taking into account the dead space where the pocket door sits when open.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? I'd just talk to a good general contractor that is willing to take on the project. They will find the right people to do the job. If you don't do this, then essentially you are trying to be the general contractor yourself. You can save some money that way, but if you don't know what you are doing, that savings will be an illusion.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Yesterday I combined pieces of furniture into a whole desk. But how are the holes in furniture dug in the first place?
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Are you referring to a pilot hole? You can use a drill and a drill bit that is slightly smaller than the bore of the screw and create a hole for the screw to use. The screw will still bite into the wood, but won't displace as much material, and the screw will follow the hole for a straighter drive. Using a pilot hole will reduce the chances of cracking the wood and mis-driving the screw.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Pulling from this site: http://www.appliance.com/editorial.php?article=1249&zone=1000&first=61 Some of the most powerful, but quietest range hoods are made by Abbaka, which offers units that have a blower capacity of 1,400 cfms and a 3 sone noise level. For example, the Imperial Wall Canopy Series has 1,330 cfms and a 4.6 sone rating for $1,893-$2,336. The Sirius Modular Island Style, which has lower cfms-600-but has a 3.9 sone rating, and retails for about $2,143. In the lower price ranges, the Broan-Nutone Allure series is also known to be particularly quiet (4.5 sones for the 400 cfm unit) at a reasonable price range of $242-$341. So, there are quieter models available, but they will cost you much more money.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Lay a very damp, but not dripping, heavy towel over the mark, then iron it with a regular clothes iron on high heat. Go over it for a few minutes until it's good and steamy. Then remove the towel and brush the carpet with a stiff brush, against the direction in which the fibers are lying down. Try to get them raised as much as possible and then let it dry.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? I agree with Jeff Widmer -- you don't need a bigger/stronger bracket, as it's not the bracket that failed, but longer screws to properly fasten the bracket. Given that, your jamb repair doesn't need to be structural so don't sweat how strong it is and just make it look nice with whatever product you've used before and liked. After you drill your pilot holes for the new bracket screws, drill out the repaired jamb with a bit that's larger than the screw threads so the screws don't stress your repair. Of course you want this larger hole to only be the depth of the jamb, maybe 3/4".
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? We were having the same problem with our top loader. There were other problems with our washer though (randomly dumping water on the floor, also I think it stopped agitating). Our clothes came out smelling like mildew right after washing them. I thought maybe it was that the clothes were sitting in stagnant water for too long. Eventually we bought a new LG front loading washer and dryer and couldn't be happier! Sorry I don't have better advice.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Given you're a UK user, odds on you have a front-loading machine. As others have said, the biggest tip is to leave the door open when the machine isn't in use. Even if it's just open slightly, it's enough to let air circulate which can prevent fusty odours building up. You should give your machine a good clean every 3 - 6 months (depending on how often you use it). Most of the smells are associated with a build up of soap scum and powder in various areas of the machine: Clean the powder / softener draw. Most draws on modern machines can be released and removed. Run it under a hot tap to remove the gunge from old powder and softener. You can also reach into the cavity where the draw goes with a damp cloth to clean that out. Clean the door seals. Use a thick damp cloth and wipe inside all of the folds in the rubber door seal. You tend to get a lot of soap scum deposits the build up in there. Generally the waste drain should contain air-locks which prevent the odours coming back up through into the machine, but it's always worth while checking the pump filter (most machines have a flap / door in the bottom front corner of the machine). Be careful as this will contain waste water, so have something to catch it. There are a number of products available to clean your machine. All work in generally the same way - put the product in and run the machine empty, on a boil (95+) wash. One such product in the UK is Service-IT - available in most supermarkets.
Check heating pipes for thermal leaks I would like to check basic thermal leaks of the house heating system (and perhaps the house thermal insulation as well). As the professional services or equipment (thermocamera) are very expensive, I would like to check if there is perhaps some DIY solution, e.g. using a digital camera, using IR webcam, using a thermometer or any other cheap or commonly used equipment. If the tools are not something I already have at home, I am willing to pay at most USD 200 (EUR 150) for the required tools. And as a bonus: what is the difference which makes the thermocamera so expensive (USD 6000 and more) compared to a webcam or a normal digital camera? Does it have some special properties, like broad input spectrum, or what?
Check heating pipes for thermal leaks This site has some cheap IR thermometers that might be useful. (Found here via Google)
How do I repair loose ductwork? The ductwork in our 30 year old house has started coming loose where it comes up through the floor. It's nailed to the subfloor, but in several places, the nails have come loose, leaving gaps of an inch or two between the duct and the subfloor. This lets bugs into the house and probably isn't too good for our heating and air efficiency. What's the best way to re-hang the ductwork and remove these gaps? How much do I need to worry about breaking something while repositioning the 30 year old ducts? More information The portion of the duct that goes to each supply vent is hung by one or two nails each on the left and right sides. The nails have either come loose from or gradually tore through the plywood subfloor and fell out, or the nail gradually tore a hole through the duct (so it's still in the subfloor and the duct is hanging beneath it). I hope that I'm using these terms correctly. Here are some photos. Note the nail hanging on the left after it came out of the subfloor. There's another nail on the left (not visible) that's still in the subfloor, but the weight of the duct pulling on the nail apparently caused a vertical tear through the duct, letting it fall. There's a 3/4" vertical gap on the left between the duct and the subfloor and a smaller gap (but still enough to let in a draft) at the top where the duct no longer fits properly because it's hanging off the left. Another supply vent. The nails have fallen on both sides, so this duct is apparently supported by nothing in particular, leaving about 2-3" vertical gap all around. The subfloor looks pretty worn, so I'm not sure that nailing it on each side as was done before would work very well.
How do I repair loose ductwork? What you're talking about is an egress window. We had one of those put in by a general contractor. He had to cut a notch into the concrete foundation to install the window, and move some pipes that were in the way. He knew what to do and it turned out great.
Storing latex paint in hot garage? How well does latex interior paint hold up to being stored in a hot garage over time? I did some painting several months ago, and without thinking too much about it kept the leftover paint in the garage. Outside temperatures sometimes reach 90+. Should I worry about the color changing, etc.? Update: The paint color was indistinguishable from the original. In fact, I have used the same paint again more than a year later.
