What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? What is the best solution for removing popcorn from the ceiling if I want to get it to look smooth afterwards? Edit: thanks for your answers! Would you estimate that replacing the drywall on the ceiling would be less work/mess and result in a better finish?
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? Many, many things. First up, voltage. For historical reasons just about every domestic installation in the UK uses the same European standard voltage of 230V for every socket. In turn, almost all sockets used indoors are the same size and shape and deliver the same maximum current. (Some farms have three-phase 415V supply, but I don't think that's often run to the house itself...!) Just in itself that introduces a whole level of complexity as the higher voltage is much keener on using a human being to find its way to earth. Secondly, current. UK domestic power sockets are all rated at 13A, whereas in the US there's typically different sockets for different kinds of jobs. However, these sockets are joined in a "ring main" which is typically rated at 32A in total for all the sockets on the ring: so in theory connecting live and neutral on a ring main can deliver 230V * 32A = 7.3kW. Makes for a nice bang. So it's wise to be careful. Power in the UK is distributed from the supply company's meter to a "consumer unit" (these days, RCDs and circuit breakers) from whence the ring mains for sockets, lights and heavy equipment are powered. Like sockets, breakers are double-pole. The power company generally only provides a single-phase supply from their meter, it's an offence to tinker with anything upstream of that. Earth is typically a ground spike combined with a connection to the water main (if it's metal) or the gas main. Separate earth runs need to be made to exposed metal fixtures such as basins or bathtubs. Most houses have two ring mains, typically upstairs and downstairs, and for convenience most have an upstairs and a downstairs lighting ring. Electric cookers typically and water heaters (immersion heaters) typically get their own spurs. Lighting, the ring mains, and high-current spurs use different sizes of cable. The UK has been described as one of the most heavily fused countries on earth. As the ring main can in theory deliver 32A to the socket, each appliance has its own fuse built into the plug. That, along with the higher voltage and current, is one reason why the UK has such big plugs. These fuses are (these days) clipped into their own holder which can be (reasonably) easily extracted without taking the plug apart; they come in 3A and 13A sizes. There's more, much more: bathrooms and other wet areas have their own special restrictions, there's regulations about how wires can be joined together, how many sockets can be on a ring, the distance between sockets, the number of spurs permitted, and so on and so on. A two year apprenticeship is a good start, as is careful digestion of the Wiring Regulations. What can be done by a DIYer? Notionally buildings regulations have always required a "Competent Person" to do any electical work. Since the introduction of Part P of building regulations a recognised contractor needs to inspect major work or work in bathrooms and kitchens.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? Whether shielding is strong enough to protect your data or not (I've not heard it is) I would think it's rare that EVERYTHING in a multi-cable is going between the exact same points A & B in the same order. Lights connect switch-to-fixture, power outlets can run a loop while network needs to take each jack back to the closet. I wired co-ax through a room in series once, and got in trouble with the cable installer due to signal loss. While the idea of combined cable may sound nice from an organizational standpoint, I'd think it would only be good for about 20 feet of distance in an entire house. And it's frightfully expensive. On the other hand, with a bit of organization all you need to run is power, Cat 5/6 and Coax. Cat 5/6 & RJ45 technically includes 2 phone lines, and even leaves Pins 4 and 5 as line 1 for RJ11 compatibility. (Although never use a single wire for both phone and data, the ring voltage will kill your data.) If you wire the entire house with Cat 5/6 and RJ45 plugs, you can use any cable as a phone line by just plugging an RJ11 into the existing outlet. Very handy. After all that, a few multi-cables can be handy. For example, something bundling Component Video, HDMI, and a few channels of audio can be very handy to connect an A/V stack in a closet to a theater room. But you're still talking very short runs, as you'll just need a single trunk from point A to B.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? Unfortunately, you're going to have a really hard time removing it. The usual solution is to make a couple passes over it with a drywall knife to scrape off the highest spots, then skim coat the whole ceiling to make it flat again.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? My wife and I just finished doing this last month. Here's the process we took: Before you start, check to make sure you don't have asbestos in the popcorn. If your house is newer construction, you don't have to worry about this, but if it's older, you may want to scrape a bit off the ceiling and send it to a lab for testing. If it comes back positive, I would have professionals handle it. Otherwise: Cover everything you don't want to get gross and disgusting. Turn off breaker for the lights and remove fixtures. Use a spray bottle or a garden sprayer to wet 5' by 5' sections of ceiling with water. Be careful not to oversaturate it and damage the drywall. Scrape off popcorn with a 6" or 12" taping knife, whichever you find easier to handle. Sand any spots you missed that are still rough. (For the most part, everything comes off smooth.) Apply mud liberally to any gouges you made. Most spots I had to go over were at the seams of the drywall. Sand again. Repeat 6 and 7 if you're OCD like me. If you want to get everything super smooth, shine a flashlight or work light parallel with the ceiling to find raised/gouged areas. Wipe down the ceiling to get rid of any sanding dust. Prime Paint with 2 coats of ceiling paint. Throw away drop cloths Lie on the floor and stare at your new smooth ceilings :) One bit of advice: You're going to make A LOT of dust, and it will get all over everything in your house that isn't covered. We did the whole process before we moved in, so we only had to wipe down the walls and floors. After you're all done, you'll probably want to change your air filter as well.
What do-it-yourself cautionary tales do you have? I'm curious what sort of cautionary tales everyone has come across (or experienced themselves). For instance, my dad used to work on live wires all the time — until he was putting a stove in (220V if you don't know) and touched two wires together. The spark flew off and hit his glasses and melted about halfway through the lens. He still works on live 110V, but he always turns off the 220 circuit now. What about you? Any (hopefully just-as-happy) shocking experiences you folks have had?
How do I nail furring strips without them cracking? While remodeling my basement, I had several walls where I just put up furring strips and foam insulation rather than framing in a "real" wall. I used 1x2 furring strips and attached them with a ramset and 1 1/2 inch nails. Problem is, putting the nails through the furring strips would quite often cause them to crack. I tried pre-drilling (didn't really help) and also tried using 1x3 strips in some places (helped a little, but not much). Is there some trick to nailing up furring strips to keep them from cracking on you?
How do I nail furring strips without them cracking? I once had a tenant who lived next door in our duplex and thought she could hook up her own gas drier. Smelled gas one day and couldn't find where it was coming from, so I knocked on her door. Walked in and the whole place reeked of gas. Checked the drier, and sure enough, the supply line was barely even screwed on. Asked her about it and got one of those "Yeah, it's been like that for a while now, was going to ask you about that" kind of responses. Lucky it didn't take out the whole neighborhood.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? Was rearranging some ductwork in my basement, and noticed that the stuff I took down was pretty filthy inside (especially the return air ducts). Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned out? What kind of (if any) efficiency benefits do you get out of it?
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? It's not the efficiency which you get -- it's less dust in the air. Less dust equals better health in the long run. Lots of dust in the ducts is an indication of a bad air filter and/or leaks around the filter or in places where ducts join/turn. I'd look for that as well.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? We just put some new drywall directly over (under?) the existing ceiling. It was a lot easier and cleaner than trying to take it off. This was in a bathroom, though, so the area wasn't too big.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? Treat your router like a loaded gun, it has a ton of power and can shoot things with a lot of force if you aren't using it correctly. Consider that a router runs at around 24,000 rpm compare that to... A table saw: ~4,000 RPM A drill: ~800 RPM The feed direction and double checking that the bit is securely locked into the chuck is critical if you value your life and/or limbs. If it is making a funny noise, stop immediately and check it, even if it is a pain in the butt. Just once, I shot a loose bit across my workshop at terrifying speeds. I always check thrice since that day.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? For me it was. The house I live in now was previously owned by animal owners. I'm allergic to animals and there was a ton of junk in the air ducts so the cleaning got rid of a lot of junk in the air.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? I was always curious about this. In the states we have: Lumber - Comes most commonly in 2 inch (2x4,6,8,10,12,16) and 4 inch (4x4,4x6) varieties. Plywood - Almost always 4x8 feet Drywall/Plasterboard - Various 4 foot varieties (4x8,10,12) and sometimes 5 foot. Walls are typically framed with studs 16 inches on center, rafters and joists usually the same, but sometimes 24 inches on center. Ceilings are usually 8 feet high, or 10 feet in lots of newer construction. How does this work in the metric world?
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? Always, always, always, always, always make sure the power is off before snipping 240V power cables. And when you do snip them, even if the power is off, make sure your hands are insulated. We had an electrician swear to us that he had disabled all the power to one part of the building, but even so I felt a tingle so I went and confirmed with him that the power was off. He rolled his eyes and said yes. So I got my snips and cut through the wires. BANG! Lots of sparks and some very loud swear words. Thankfully I just happened by pure chance to have my hands insulated.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? (Un)fortuantely in Australia the dimensions are exactly the same. Which always throws me when I measure in MM and I go to the hardware store and they start talking in feet and inches. It also answers questions about why some things are such incredibly odd dimensions. When you convert them from fractions-of-a-cm to feet/inches they usually fit some arcane measuring standard from the 1920s.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? Depends on the country. Most English-speaking countries use imperial system, but convert all the dimensions into m/cm/mm and kg. For example, this is a 2x4 However, it's usually not an issue outside of US/Canada, as most of the other world doesn't build houses out of dimensional lumber. They use bricks, cement blocks, cement panels, etc. and the dimensions are almost always communicated in millimeters Most of the plumbing/windows-doors/etc. uses metric system.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? In Canada, while officially we are metric, all the construction work I've been around is done almost entirely in imperial. Everything comes in the same dimensions, and is referred to in feet and inches. Framing is done 16 or 24" on center, standard ceilings are 8' high. Part of this may just be a hold-over from years of everyone doing that way, and then passing that on as they teach younger tradespeople. In school, I grew up learning the metric system, with the most exposure to feet/inches while doing fractions in math class. I think part of it has to do with convenience and standardization as well: a "1.22 x 2.44m plywood" is awkward to say, and changing the dimensions slightly to 1.25 x 2.5 m would be strange. 16" (0.406m) centers is about the right distance for drywall, and so if you had 1.25m sheets of drywall, your centers would have to be 0.416m (or 16.4") to work out.. that's awkward to deal with. Personally, I use a tape measure that has both centimeters and feet/inches on it, and often use cm if I'm measuring any more accurately than 1/8". One thing imperial has going for it, is the foot is a very handy size. There is no equivalent in metric (the decimeter (10cm / 0.1m / 3.9") is too small (plus no one ever says the word "decimeter"), while the meter (3.28ft) is too big).
How can we fix bouncy floors? Our floors are somewhat bouncy, especially in big rooms with long joists. I think that the main cause is that they used 2x8 joists on 15-20' spans. We are going to replace/install hardwood in several areas. Given that we'll have access to the subfloor, what can be done to make the floors less bouncy? Note: looks like it's different from the situation described in http://diy.stackexchange.com/questions/277/spongy-soft-spot-on-hardwood-floor, since the floor moves as a whole and not just in some places and there are no hollow spots there.
How can we fix bouncy floors? You may be using the wrong load. This site recommends using a Yellow #4 load on strips 3/4" thick, or Green #3 for 1/4" - 1/2". You could also use concrete screws. Pre-drill holes in furring strip and wall (about every 24"). Clean holes in walls well (with shop-vac). Using concrete screws fasten furring strip to wall (do not over tighten).
How can we fix bouncy floors? I would just get a sound bar. not as good as actual 2 back speakers, but better then 2, and can't beat its simplicity (one item replacing 4 speakers, a dvd player and the AV box).
Should I replace or repair my dead/dying garage door? My garage door opener is on its last legs, should I replace it or try to fix it? Symptoms: The door does not initially move when the button is pushed, but after giving the door a boost it opens. The door works fine on its own, it is definitely a problem with the motor. The motor does not start when disconnected from the door, but giving it a boost makes it spin. So this has nothing to do with the door. I have worked with electric motors in the past but am far from an expert, and in most cases when dealing with them it was a huge pain in the neck. I'm guessing this is a problem with the brushes, but have never opened up a motor from a garage door opener before so I'm not sure what to expect. Can these things be repaired, or is it cheaper and easier to buy a replacement?
Should I replace or repair my dead/dying garage door? Be careful when walking/working in your unfinished attic... it is very easy to miss a beam and put your foot through the ceiling. Best thing to do is use a piece of plywood if you need to work up there for any extended period of time.
Should I replace or repair my dead/dying garage door? Also look into using construction adhesive to attach the furring strips and then fewer masonry screws.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I need to fish some speaker wire through my ceiling downstairs to the lower part of the adjacent exterior wall. To compound the problem, the ceiling joists run perpendicular to the direction I need to run the cable. I have a feeling I already know the answer to this, but is there any way other than cutting several holes in the ceiling to drill through the joists? The run is about 10 feet. EDIT The ceiling is a smooth drywall ceiling. The joists are I joists.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? A quick google for 'Drill Bit Extension' turned up a 72" extension - that might at least cut down the number of holes involved.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Are you sure the door still moves smoothly? That opener does NOT have enough power to move the door if something is wrong. Try disconnecting the door from the opener and make sure it moves smoothly (springs still good an in adjustment, all wheels move smoothly, etc).
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Consider through the crown molding, or installing some to hide the dable. See my response to wiring rear speakers
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I figured out a workaround for this. Today, rather than using actual furring strips, I just ripped a sheet of 3/4 inch plywood into strips on the table saw. Being plywood, it doesn't split. Not an ideal solution, but worked out pretty well for me.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? In a typical US home, you will have 220 volt, 100 or 200 amp service. In a typical home there are 4 separate connections. They consist of 2 "hot" wires, a ground, and a neutral. We have what is called split-phase electric power. A distribution transformer has a single-phase input (primary) winding. The output (secondary) winding is center-tapped and the center tap connected to a grounded neutral. The other two wires are the "hot" wires, and have a voltage between them of about 220 volts. The voltage between each of them and neutral is half of that. That is why our system is often referred to as a 110 volt system. The ground and neutral share a wire from the electric company. The neutral/ground wire gets attached to Earth Ground at the main breaker box, or at the meter (sometimes both). The Earth Ground is usually both a metal stake in the ground, and the building's water line (if it is metal). The main breaker panel is the only one where the ground and neutral buses are attached to each-other. Even though the neutral and ground wires are connected to each other in the main panel, there may be a significant voltage between them near the end of a run. There is never any loops in a properly wired building, with the possible exception of the ground wires. For most lighting, and electrical outlets, you use one of the "hot" wires, along with a "neutral" wire for power, along with a ground wire for safety. The white neutral wire gets attached to the neutral bus, and the bare, or green ground wire gets attached to the ground bus. The hot wire is generally black, but may be any color other than white, or green. If a white wire is used as a hot wire it must be wrapped with electrical tape of another color. Common examples of white wires being used as a hot wire include end-of-line light switches, and for devices which use 220 volts without a neutral wire. For switched lighting, and outlets, you always switch the hot wire. For a given run the hot and neutral wires are always the same gauge. The ground wire is never smaller than the hot and neutral wires, in romex cable. Armored cable, and wires run through metal conduit can often be run without a separate ground wire. Instead you would use the armor, or the conduit as the ground connection. For appliances which require 220 volts, you will use two breakers which have a connection between them which will cause both breakers to turn on and off together. Newer breakers appear to be a single double-wide breaker which works the same way. Because of the way most breaker panels are arranged, two breakers side by side will be on separate phases. There exists different plugs for each voltage, and current loads. The major exception is for 110 volts, at 15 and 20 amps. 20 amp receptacles have an extra slot on the hot connection, but are otherwise identical to 15 amp receptacles. You can plug any 15 amp plug into a regular 20 amp receptacle. It is very rare to actually see a device which has a 20 amp plug on them. This is because you will often have 15 amp only receptacles on a 20 amp service. Most devices have no fuses, or breakers of their own.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Depending on your house, it may be easier to lift the floor in the room above. There's almost bound to be a run of cable or pipe that goes across the ceiling that already has holes or notches in the joist. Lifting floorboards is much easier than messing with a ceiling!
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I've been a bit cynical of these but tried push-fit on my last project -- works a treat. Pros: it's really really fast and easy, you're more likely to get it right first time, and you can use PEX tubing which is lovely and flexible, so brilliant for doing e.g. taps for a basin on a stud partition. Cons: expensive. Much more expensive. And you'd not want to use them on exposed pipework.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I have not used the multi-cables but I don't think they're a good idea because I suspect you'll end up abandoning half of the cables in the bundle a few years down the road, and needing to pull some other type of cable. Running 110 AC in the same bundle and to the same electrical boxes as your low-voltage data/telecom/AV stuff sounds like an invitation to interference. Unless you're seriously overengineering your electrical system, you're not going to end up with a "home run" configuration between the electrical panel and your outlets/switches/lamps; you'll probably end up with a few outlets or lamps daisy-chained on the same wire run from the circuit breaker. That's fine for 110; but it's not how people wire Ethernet these days, and I would suggest the "home run" or star topology for your data and AV, too, just to maximize flexibility in the future. I'd also be concerned about combination 110 and low voltage in the same bundle in the event there were some sort of failure/penetration of the bundle - you might end up shorting the 110 right into the low voltage wiring, which would probably be the end of whatever nice equipment you had hooked up to the low voltage (network, phone, CATV) stuff. I wouldn't want to have to turn off electrical circuits because I wanted to monkey with network/speaker wiring - but I wouldn't want to work with knives/diagonal cutters/etc on a cable bundle with live 110 in it, either. If I were specifying new construction, I'd ask for several home runs of the blue "smurf tube" low voltage conduit to each room - my personal preference is to use Cat 6 for everything (LAN + telephone + CCTV) that doesn't absolutely require coax, but I'm not a big CATV/satellite watcher so my tastes may be relatively unsophisticated in that regard. I think the most important thing to keep in mind is that it's impossible to anticipate what you'll want/need in the future, and how technology will change, so you should set things up so you can run new cabling without tearing up walls, or being forced to rip out your entire existing installation.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Wikipedia has a pretty good explanation with pictures.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Well, I had one that more so lead to a DIY project then happened during. Commercial building built in the 1930s, had lamps hanging from ceiling by chains. One day I'm changing a light bulb and someone walks in and flips the light switch. It threw my arm back, almost knocked me off the ladder, and my hand was spotted black for a little while. The wiring running through the chain to the lamp was cloth insulated and had broken down over the years. Needless to say, I spent the rest of the day rewiring all of the lamps in the building. So, be mindful of working in old buildings, even on the simplest of tasks.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? It might be worth checking out the subfloor if you can get access to it in case that is what is not holding up to weight instead of the joists. Otherwise, I know in your comment you stated that you don't have the joists exposed, unfortunately, I don't know of a way to resolve the issue without exposing them as anything you tried to do at the floor level would just be adding weight. If you don't feel your joists are up to snuff, you can reinforce them by laminating them. You would get additional boards of appropriate size to fit snugly next to the joists, then use an adhesive and screw the boards to the joists. Make sure you are getting the additional wood over your load bearing walls, otherwise again you are just adding weight to the situation. Remember though, even if you are going to make it a DIY project, structural work is a big deal and you should at least consult a contractor/architect and make sure you get proper permits and inspections. You can save yourself the money on the labor, but don't skimp on the planning.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? You might be better off avoiding the ceiling altogether and going all the way down to the basement (if possible), across, and then back up again OR go up to the attic, across, and then back down again. It adds about 20 more feet to the run but assuming you have access to either the basement or attic it would be significantly easier.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Lots of things can be wrong with your garage door or opener: It could be something as simple as needing to replace the springs. If they are torsion springs, you're going to want to consult a professional, as they can store a deadly amount of tension. Consider it as dangerous as electric repairs. Some garage door openers operate on battery. You might need to replace them. Some garage door openers have adjustable settings. This is probably not the problem because you've noticed a degradation in performance and haven't indicated fiddling with the settings at all. It could be a misaligned track, causing unnecessary work for the motor. If all else fails, it's the motor. It's cheaper to replace it!
Why does it take a long time for water to start draining from my tub faucet? Sorry for the awkwardly worded title, I couldn't really describe the issue in one sentence. My shower has a handle that controls both pressure and temperature. To begin showering, I turn the handle, then pull up the stopper (is this the right word?) on the tub faucet to get the water to come out the shower head instead of the tub faucet. For the first few weeks, when I was done showering, I'd simply turn the pressure/temperature handle, the shower would turn off, and the stopper would immediately drop, letting out the remaining water through the tub faucet. Now, however, it takes a good 10 - 15 seconds between turning the handle and the stopper dropping. It's not a huge deal on it's own, but I also notice that the water never fully transfers to shower-head-only when I pull up the stopper, and some continues to come out of the tub faucet. I think it's affecting the pressure of my shower and it's just annoying. Any idea on how to fix it?
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? My shingles were a little worse for wear and I had a "friend-of-a-friend-who-used-to-be-a-roofer" come take a look at it and he said I could save some money on the demolition by just laying another course of shingles over the first. He claimed it was a common technique and they did it all the time at his job, but it sounds a little hinky to me. Is this really commonly done? Is it a good idea? What Are there downsides?
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? It is common to lay up to three layers (at least in my area), but if the roof has lifting shingles laying another layer will just lift the new shingles. If the roof is bad, it is better and probably cheaper in the long run to remove the old shingles and lay the new ones fresh. If the roof is not that bad a second layer can definitely save money, just make sure you check your local codes before doing it. Another concern can be weight. Shingles weigh a lot so the more layers you add the more weight your roof has to carry, if you live in an area with heavy show fall weight could become more of an issue. Personaly I prefer to start fresh each time, but I save money by doing the demo myself.
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? The stopper you're describing is called the diverter. The symptoms you're describing sound like it's gotten slightly bent or nicked. I would take it apart and try re-setting the pin. Maybe scrub it a bit with a light abrasive to true it up. If that doesn't work, replace it. I assume your diverter is in your tub spout. You can usually remove that by removing the hex-head set-screw and then rotating the entire spout (the padded handle of a hammer stuck in the spout can help you get a grip).
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? As an aside, remember that basement concrete walls are not watertight, so when the ground is wet, the interior concrete may get moisture on the inside. Furring strips directly against concrete is a good way to end up with wet wood, which means mold and rot. Same goes for where the basement floor meets the studs. Full framing an inch or so from the wall with foam insulation behind is better for keeping the finished wall dry, even though you'll lose some interior space.
Sealing a cork tile floor? I just finished installing a cork tile floor (US Floors brand). If I do say so myself, it looks gorgeous! Cork is not generally recommended for a bathroom, but we felt that a half-bath should be a safe bet (not nearly the moisture around as in a full bath). But just for peace of mind, I thought it might be a good idea to seal the cork -- the tiles themselves are pre-sealed, but not the joints (which are incredibly tight, but something could get through). What should I use? Or should I even attempt to seal it?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub? Close examination of the floor of my bathtub has revealed a long, thin crack in the bathtub itself. The bathtub is one of the common plastic-feeling variety (though I am not sure if it is actually a plastic.) What is the best way to patch this crack?
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? I am repainting a bathroom that includes trim with a high gloss. The house is old (1924) and the existing paint may have lead in it. There was a remodel in the '80s, but I can't guarantee the current paint was applied then. My local paint store advised against sanding to take off the gloss, because of the lead risk. They recommended a "liquid sandpaper" product which I applied. However, the first coat of the new paint did not stick (I've been stripping it back off for the last couple of weekends). The paint store also advised I did not need a primer, which I now believe was a mistake. How can I get the new paint to stick to the old?
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? Congratulations on the cork. I put cork in my master bathroom a few years ago and it was the best floor I've ever had - warm in the morning and soft under bare feet. I liked it so much I put cork in our kitchen too. My feeling is that you don't need to seal it. I didn't see any lifting or swelling on our floor over three years. We're not especially fastidious people either - we basically just swiped puddles with a towel when we saw them. Any sealant you put on that is capable of sealing the joints will be a film finish. My gut says the subtle expansion and contraction of the cork along with the flex of the floor will crack a film finish like that in pretty short order, defeating the purpose. One thing you could try if you're nervous is some clear wax. Test it under a cabinet or something to see if you can force a tiny bit into the seam and still thoroughly remove it from the surface. Also satisfy yourself that the solvent in wax doesn't damage the finish of the cork tiles. If it works ok, it might slow down penetration of water into the seams while still remaining flexible.
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? ManiacZX mentioned laminating the joists below, and in my opinion, if you had access to the joists, you'd be better off installing bracing between them (cribbing, bridging, whatever you want to call it) ... but that assumes that you actually had access to the joists. as you're going to be gaining access to the subfloor, you might be able to stiffen the floor as a whole -- put down some adhesive, lay more plywood/chipboard on top of it (ply's more expensive but it flexes less ... I'm not sure how MDF compares to plywood on flexibility), and then screw it down tight to the original subfloor. (and a lot of screws -- might even be worth renting a belt fed screwgun, as you're going to want them every 6" (15cm) or so to make sure the new subfloor is bonded well to the existing one, so they flex as a single unit. If you can get the floor stiffer, it'll distribute the load better across multiple joists, and therefore they should deflect less when loaded. ... Your other option is to come in from the top -- strip the existing subfloor off, install the cribbing, then lay the subfloor back down. Depending on how the subfloor is laid, you might be able to cut windows into it (set a circular saw so it just barely goes through the sheet; you might have to drill a hole and use a wire w/ a bent end as a guage first), expose enough to set the cribbing, close it back up, then to the lamination thing I mentioned above to stiffen the subfloor. ... It's possible that installing the hardwood floor might help to spread load better (especially if it's laid so it's perpendicular to the floor, and nailed in, rather than a floating floor), but it'd really suck to go to the work of laying the new floor, and then have to tear it up because it's still a problem.
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? Rather than just seal in paint that might be lead-based, especially as you mentioned that you're stripping off the bad coat, it might be worth finally just removing it so you don't have to go through these concerns in the future. (especially if you don't have kids now, but think you might in the future, so you can get the dust over and done with). New York has some recommendations for removing lead paint. The important thing is to keep it from becoming dust and getting spread around the house, which just makes things worse. I believe there are some chemical paint strippers that can be used with lead paint, although that website didn't mention any. I also found mention that Massachusets used to require licensed contractors and require it to be disposed of as hazardous waste, so it might be worth checking before you attempt this. ... If you were going to attempt this without stripping it all off, I'd follow the New York guidelines (contain the area), wet sand to rough up the surface, then prime it and re-paint. Oh ... and you can also get test kits for check for lead paint. Odds are, being gloss and trim, it's more likely though, and even if the top coat isn't, there might be lead in an older coat.
Timber Veneer Flooring? We have existing polished timber floors, it is patchy (different parts of the house are floored with different kinds of timber) it also has a few gaps and holes. We are thinking of laying down some kind of timber veneer over the top, is this a good idea and if so what are the best materials available? (Ideally it would look as authentic as possible)
Timber Veneer Flooring? You might think about replacing the tub.
Timber Veneer Flooring? Most bathtubs that aren't cast iron or steel are acrylic plastic. If the crack is right through the tub and water is leaking though, you should replace the tub. If it's an emergency and you need a short-term repair, I'd use a two-part epoxy. Choose a thin epoxy (2:1 ratio) from the selection at the home center and use a putty knife to try to force it into the crack. Let it cure for 24 hours. This will be at best a short term solution because if tub cracked it must be because it flexed in that spot - it will flex again and the brittle epoxy repair will crack again quickly. If the crack is a surface scratch, it can be repaired with a repair kit such as offered by http://www.surface-repair.com/. The problem is color matching: your tub will have changed color over time and it will be difficult or impossible to get a good match. Another approach is using fine sandpaper. You can get very fine wet-and-dry sandpaper at an auto parts store like Napa. Get 320, 600, 1200 and 2000 grit. Apply some elbow grease to the scratch with the 320. Try to keep the scratches localized and in one direction. Use the 320 until the scratch is gone. Then move to the 600 and keep it up until the scratches from the 320 are gone. By the time you're done 1200 you may be satisfied, but if not you should be able to get a fairly glossy finish with the 2000.
Is a 2x4 strong enough to hold up a porch swing? I'm hanging a porch swing, but the beams run the wrong direction for the support hooks. I've looked up in the attic, and there's a 2x4, lying flat, that runs the correct direction. Will that be strong enough to support, say, 500 lbs? Due to the angle of my roof, I can't actually reach the board so there's no hope of supporting it from above. There's really nothing stopping me from getting a different style of support hook (one that drills into the wood at a single spot instead of two), but if possible, I'd like to use what I've got.
How do I do a minor grout repair properly? I've got grout between some floor tiles that is cracking and coming out in small chips, over time. The tiles and remaining grout are otherwise in great shape. I suspect this is just a problem high-traffic area of the floor in our hallway. I'm not about to tear up the entire floor to solve the underlying issue. But, if I did want to patch the grout (while accepting it is likely to crack again, down the road) what is the proper way to fill in missing grout so that new grout bonds with the old? Should I remove any more of the old that appears to be cracking before filling in?
How do I do a minor grout repair properly? Depends on the distance from water. Homebase, of all people, have a good guide here. In summary, lights in the bath must be 12V and completely waterproof (zone 0). If it's in reach of a bath (standing up or sitting down) your choices are limited to completely waterproof sealed units (rated IPX4) and you'll need a 30mA RCD (zone 1). Other areas at risk of splashing (Zone 3, including above sinks) need IPX4 splash-resistant fittings but don't need the RCD. Outside of that - in zone 3 - anything will do. You may need to have the completed work inspected under Part P of the buildings regulations. Give buildings control at your local council a call - they can advise.
How do I fix laminate flooring that's begun to rise in the middle? We have laminate flooring in our kitchen/lounge and over the winter (which are cold and damp here in New Zealand) the flooring has begun to rise up in a couple of places. It was fitted by the previous owner and it appeared that they had left enough gap around the edge for expansion, but it turns out they didn't. Is there a solution to fix this without having to take most of it up and shorten/reshape a lot of bits? One option we've had suggested is to get a dehumidifier in there to take the moisture out, but that doesn't seem like a long-term fix!
How do I make our toilet flush less vigorously? Our toilet flushes so vigorously that water splashes out of the top of it. Is there a way I can "tune" the flush so that it doesn't flush so hard?
What technique should I use to remove rubble from earth, using a small excavator? I've a patch of earth - mostly fairly sticky Gloucestershire clay - which our previous builder has left mixed up with bricks, larger lumps of concrete and who knows what else. I want to level this and leave enough earth on the surface to let wildflowers and perhaps grass grow. I'm not expecting this to ever turn into a beautiful lawn, so I'm quite happy to have a go myself with a smallish excavator. The particular bit of land will end up hidden behind a coppice so it needs to be made tidy but not perfect. It's about 30' by 70' in all, with a few trees, and on a slight slope. Can anyone share techniques on how best to approach this? Should I consider hiring a driver with the digger, or is this feasible as a DIY job? I've used a digger for a weekend before on a lighter job but nothing quite on this scale.
What technique should I use to remove rubble from earth, using a small excavator? I'm from all metric country, but lot of stuff in constructing busyness are in "cols" that is inches. Again things like 2" or 4" are around 5cm and 10cm, so it's all round numbers.
What technique should I use to remove rubble from earth, using a small excavator? When I've done grout repair I've cleaned out the old grout, did some slight prodding to see if anything else was loose, made sure the area was bone dry and then got a small batch of grout from the local hardware store. You can probably buy a small tub of the premixed grout (unless you have colored grout then you're stuck buying a larger tub usually). I just put it on as normal grout, slap it on, push it in, smooth it out a bit, let it dry and wipe off the excess. It'll take a little while to fade in but now it looks like it was part of the original tile job.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? I have a concrete patio in my backyard that's in pretty good condition. We don't like how it looks, so we'd like to cover it up with brick or pavers. Looking online, it appears that most people install pavers over gravel, so I was wondering if it was a good idea to lay the pavers straight on the concrete patio. Would drainage be an issue? What kind of cement would I use to secure the pavers on the concrete?
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? There are several issues to consider - whether the 2x4 itself is strong enough to bear the load you're putting on it in the direction that you're loading it (so the grade/type of wood is important, not all 2x4's are created equal), whether the fastener/hook you use will overstress the wood in the 2x4 at the point where it attaches, and whether the load on the 2x4 will overstress/exceed the capacity of whatever it is that's attaching the 2x4 to whatever it is that it's attached to/supported by. My unscientific, short answer is "no", I wouldn't depend on a 2x4 of unknown provenance to support the weight of 2 adults (or any number of children) + the weight of the swing, especially given wear & degradation over time. If it was a short run of 2x4 and the swing was attached really well and the 2x4 is attached really well to something strong, yeah, it'll probably work, but if it were my house/family involved, I'd look for a stronger way to hang the swing.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? In most toilets (those that aren't pressure assist), there's a float that will stop water from the tank at a given level. There's usually some adjustment to change the level that the toilet will fill to. Placing something into the tank is used to reduce the amount of water that's used per flush, but as there's still the same depth of water per flush, it won't change the initial pressure of the flush, which is what's going to give you the "vigor" behind the flush. ... Pressure assist toilets are another beast -- I've never had one, so I have no idea how to tune them. They fill a sealed container, so rather than being exposed to the air, they have the full line pressure to use in the flush. I would hope that there'd be something in either the manual for the toilet, or the manufacturer's website on how to make adjustments. If you take the lid off tank, and there's no water visible, then it's likely a pressure assist. If there's no tank ... well, it's likely drawing from line pressure entirely, as they do with commercial toilets. (actually -- I saw a lot of tankless toilets when I was in Europe ... with the flush mechanism in the wall, so it's possible that there's a tank in the wall ... but I have no idea how you would adjust and/or service those).
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? For adjusting the water level in the fill tank, all of the toilets I've come across are adjustable, there is no need to put something in the tank to offset the volume. There will be a float of some sort that is attached to a valve. To have less water fill the tank, you want to adjust the float to sit lower in the tank, thus less water is needed to push the valve closed. For the two fill mechanisms I'm familiar with: For the float arm style there is either an adjustment screw or you can bend the arm. For the newer float on the pipe style, see here. Again, simply the attachment between the float and the top should have an adjustment, move the float lower in the tank so that a lower amount of water pushes the valve closed.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? The only real way to do it is to screen it -- you use a series of trays and screens of varios sizes so that only soil smaller than a given size can pass through. When I did a small patch at my home, (putting in a french drain), I used a bread tray that I had fit with ~1cm hardware mesh to reduce the size of the holes, but that took two of us to shake it, and a fair bit of work. If I was doing a large amount, I'd build something to suspend the frames, so you could load a bucket of soil in, shake it, then dump the screened debris to the side (as the soil will fall straight through). The clay is going to bring other problems -- if you don't load the screens too much, and get the rocks bumping into each other, it will hopefully knock off the clay, and fall through; if you want to be really thorough, you'd wash the dirt through the screen (eg, if you were trying to do a soil analysis, which you're not), but it'd make a real mess, so I wouldn't recommend it. Depending on the size of the rubble, I might go with two screens -- one about 3" / 7.5cm, to catch the really large items and the other between 1 and 2 cm (~0.5") to catch gravel sized bits. ... From the sounds of things (sticky clay) this will not be fast work. I'd try to figure out the technique just digging by hand, and test everything to find out how fast things will go, and then consider getting some friends in to help shake the trays, move the finished stuff around, etc, so if you are renting a machine and/or hiring an operator for it, you don't have to go through the learning process while you're wasting time on the excavator. ... You might have to deal with more than one layer -- if there's an obvious topsoil layer, and a clay layer, you'll want to handle them separately, so you're not putting too much clay on top for planting; for this it might be worth hiring someone experienced who can be more precise in the removal. (I'm not sure how difficult it is to operate the excavator, but if you're spending the first few hours trying to learn how to do things half-decent, it's potentially a lot of lost time if you're trying to get this done over a weekend) Hopefully, an experienced person will also do less harm to the roots of trees -- if nothing else, their experience might tell them how close they can get before you have to switch to hand tools.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? One thing to check before replacing items is the inline filter (if present). When my shower was performing poorly, I unscrewed the head and found a small mesh screen in the line that was clogging up. I cleaned it out and screwed everything back together to find my pressure right back where I expected it. :)
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator I removed the aerator on my kitchen faucet and attached a hose for a time and cleaned the aerator. Now I cannot get the original one to screw back into the place without it leaking (well spraying mostly). Any suggestions on ways or tools to get an aerator firmly back in place?
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator Is there any chance you've cross-threaded it? If you're sure it's not cross-threaded, then I'd check for a missing washer or O-ring. It may have blown out of the aerator when you were backflushing it with the hose.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator A 2x8 joist on a 20' span is extremely undersized. What is the center-to-center spacing of your joists? If I were you I'd seriously consider pulling up the subfloor at least in the center third of your longer spans, and sistering in extra joists as described by ManiacZX.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator To expand on NotDan's answer: Use an angled brush (I generally use a 1.5"). Hold the brush close to the bristles, not by the handle. Dip the brush about 1/2" into the paint, and wipe the paint off one side of the brush. Start your line with the longer bristles (the "point" of the brush) on the line, and the shorter bristles about 1/4" away from the line. The brush should be closer to flat against the wall than perpendicular to the wall. Apply just enough pressure so that the longer trailing bristles are fairly curved as you pull the brush along. Think about whether you want to overshoot or undershoot your edge: for example on a window casing, where you're less likely to see the edge of the trim, it's better to overshoot and get a little wall paint on the trim than to leave trim color on the wall where it can be seen from the middle of the room.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator I'm no expert on this but I'll throw in my two cents. If you were looking to make this into a manicured lawn I'd recommend bringing in topsoil to cover up all the junk. But since you're not, instead of an excavator I'd look into renting a compact tractor with a plow and a rake attachment. Plowing will bring most of the junk to the surface and you can remove the bigger stuff by hand. Then go around with the rake to smooth things out. If you set the rake at an angle and go around in a spiral pattern starting at the perimeter, the bricks and rocks will all collect in the center. Then you can pick them up with the loader bucket on the tractor and move them to some out of the way location like your neighbor's yard.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator Really, 2x8? That's undersized for a 20-foot span, even if your house is old enough for full-sized lumber. 15 foot would even be iffy in my book for a 2x8 (though I'm not a structural engineer). Like Mike and ManiacZX, I would recommend tearing out the subfloor and laminating the existing joists across the entire span, both for better carrying the load and helping to decrease the give in the flooring. Modern flooring is much less forgiving than, say, old hardwood floors. If you have large spacing of joists and sistering still doesn't get you down to 16" OC or less, add bracing as Joe recommended. Also, use two layers of new subfloor, perpendicular to one another and fastened with both lots of screws and adhesive to one another and the joists. Also, especially if this is an older home, check the level of the home itself--that may be one source of the problems.
How to keep home automation complexity under control? If you installed some form of home automation (lighting control for example), how did you keep the complexity manageable for your family members? In many cases where friends have installed some form of home automation, I see that the person who wanted it and decided on the individual settings is the only one comfortable with it. The others? Not so much. They think there are too many buttons ("We used to have a single button and light everywhere, now there are eight, and I always have to try them all to get the right one"), too many options (pressing once vs. holding, on-off vs dimming - "Why doesn't that light turn on?" "It is, it's just dimmed all the way down"), and they see it as just one of the new toys of their husband or father. The same thing with home theater setups ("Why do I need three remotes to watch TV?" [TV screen, set-top box, audio installation] "We had a simple TV, and I liked it!") Do you recognize this situation? What can be done to prevent it? I understand the difference Don Norman makes between a "complex world" and a "complicated user interface", but are we maybe making the world/our house too complex ourselves? (Of course, since this is a site for DIY'ers, and an offspring of Stack Overflow, most of us will be the enthusiastic husbands and fathers. Bonus points for answers written together with your wives and children!)
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? I've pretty much fixed up my bathroom since moving in. The last bit of annoyance now is this: Not every time, but every 10 or so flushes, my toilet will run continually. It'll sound like it's water is filling up for about two minutes, then stop for five minutes, then sound like it's filling up again... on repeat. To stop it, I have to go back in and jiggle the handle. One time I took the lid off the top of the toilet and it looked like it was slowly losing water from the top (or whatever it's called). Any idea on how to fix this?
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? If you're technically inclined, I saw one post hovering round the tubes about a guy that did some home automation - namely zoning, via 2 wire temperature sensors for the rooms, servo motors to control the registers, and a Linux box to rule them all. Of course I can't find the link now that I look for it...
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? I would first try to replace the flapper, it may be old and worn and not creating a proper seal. If that does not work try replacing the ballcock (float valve), as these too can become old and worn and not function properly.
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? If the water is leaking from the top, then you probably have the shut off level too high (the level set where the float eventually rises and shuts off the flow of water into the toilet tank). Then the water can continue to "leak" out and eventually it might trigger the tank to start filling again (on windy days you might see it happen more as the wind blows and moves the water in the toilet and tank). You should be able to adjust the arm that attaches to the float so that the shut off happens and the level of water is below the top of the "tube" (not sure what that is called).
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? The following information is from Norway, but I would expect that the same dimensions are used elsewhere in Europe. The system used there parallels what we have here in the U.S., but the actual dimensions are different. Colloquially, terms like “two-by-four” are used, but the actual millimeter sizes are used in price lists, etc. The dimensions referred to by the colloquial terms are quite a bit bigger than in the U.S. For instance, a U.S. milled four-by-four is actually 3.5 inches (89 mm). In contrast, a Norwegian milled “four-by-four” is actually 3.86 in (98 mm). Here is a table I compiled with some common dimensions:  Milled structural lumber dimensions Actual size (Europe)     Actual size (U.S.)     Nominal size (U.S.)  30 mm  1.18 in               36 mm  1.42 in               48 mm  1.89 in           38 mm  1.50 in             2 in  61 mm  2.40 in               73 mm  2.87 in           64 mm  2.50 in             3 in  98 mm  3.86 in           89 mm  3.50 in             4 in 123 mm  4.84 in          114 mm  4.50 in             5 in 148 mm  5.83 in          140 mm  5.50 in             6 in 173 mm  6.81 in          159 mm  6.25 in             7 in            198 mm  7.80 in          184 mm  7.25 in             8 in 223 mm  8.78 in                              Unmilled lumber is sold in slightly larger dimensions: 100 mm, 125 mm, 150 mm, and so on. Studs, joists, and rafters are always spaced 60 cm (23.62 in) on center. The dimensions of OBS and other sheets are multiples of 60 cm in both dimensions so they can be placed in either direction, e.g., 60 x 240, 60 x 300, or 120 x 300 cm.
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? Here are the EPA guidelines for duct cleaning and when it is necessary. http://www.epa.gov/iaq/pubs/airduct.html Keep in mind that the airflow ducts usually aren't as bad as commercials would have you believe, unless the system was run without an air filter. The filter usually sits in your air return, which makes sure any air flowing into your supply ducts is "clean". So, if you see a lot of crap in your supply ducts, you probably have unfiltered air entering the system (hole in a duct maybe). The other way stuff gets into the supply ducts is from people dropping crap into the floor registers. If it's dirt in the registers, you can usually get it out by lifting the register and sticking your vacuum cleaner's hose in there. Just be careful that you don't gouge or hit the sides of the ducts, which can damage them (they can shed fiberglass). You may have stuff in your return ducts (animal dander, etc), but because of the air filter, this usually doesn't affect the overall air quality in the house much. The exception would be if you have something in the ducts that the air filter won't trap (mold spores, smelly things).
What should I use for a sandbox bottom? I'm building a sandbox for my three-year old. It will probably sit on the deck, so it needs some kind of bottom. Ideally, we should be able to move the sandbox around the deck. Is it necessary for water to drain out of the sandbox, or will the sand absorb enough water? What should I use for bottom? Ideas: Landscape fabric: allows water to drain through, but may not be strong enough to move. Regular plywood: allows movement, but may rot and does not drain. Redwood plywood: I don't know anything about, but I saw it at Home Depot, and it may be more resistant to rot. Edit: Combination: plywood with a few drilled holes, covered by landscape fabric.
What should I use for a sandbox bottom? My yard is of similar size, and I had the same problem: rocks, concrete blocks, and trash. With no previous experience, I rented a Toro Dingo with a few different attachments. The attachments I used were: Soil cultivator. I used it to till old grass down into the ground, since I was planning to lay new sod. It tilled grass and weeds far enough into the ground that they did not resurface. Leveler. I used it to, well, level the ground. As a side effect, it brought rocks and trash to the surface so I could pick it up easily. Standard bucket for enlarging a large hole (in order to bury concrete blocks), moving large concrete blocks and rocks, filling the hole, and otherwise moving larger amounts of dirt. It took me about eight hours for a yard of about the same size as yours. That included adding 20 cubic yards of new loam on top. The rental charge was about $400 including delivery and pickup. It was reasonably easy to make the yard flat, but much harder to make it level because I didn't have any level ground to start from. If you need your yard to be level, I would recommend hiring someone.
Can I have multiple heating zones with a combination boiler? I bought my first house in December and one thing I've noticed over the winter is higher than expected gas usage which I'd like to try and get down if at all possible. The house is a three bedroom (two plus box room really) semi-detached UK house built in the 30s if thats relevant. The previous owner had recently installed a new Ideal Icos HE24 combination boiler but with a standard thermostat and timer. I'd like to replace the thermostat and timer with two programmable thermostats for upstairs and downstairs and use valves to control heating flow to the two zones. I've seen drawings on the internet showing this using a standalone boiler with separate pumps wtih each zone but am not sure if zones are achievable using combination boilers or whether I'd be placing stress on the boilers internal pump? My thoughts so far involve one valve for the upstairs flow and one for downstairs flow, from what I've seen I don't need return valves as well? Working with heating systems isnt something I've done before so I guess I may have some things wrong here but would be interested to hear peoples thoughts.
Can I have multiple heating zones with a combination boiler? The sand will definitely not absorb/release enough water if it's ever open to the rain. If your box doesn't drain, you'll have a small pond (as we do if we ever forget to put the lid on). Your landscape fabric idea sounds pretty good. I'd just build that on top of decking slats or something like Trex (which might be perfect for this). Some gaps between the slats will allow drainage. Look into what the decking material is treated with. I'm in the camp that believes that the fears of CCA pressure treated wood are overblown, but even I probably wouldn't use it in a sandbox for a three year old. Keep in mind regarding sliding it around: Sand is heavy, especially when damp (100-130 pounds per cubic foot). We have a pretty small plastic sandbox in our yard and I can't move it without dumping the sand first (but then "small" to me is something that holds three boys :D and I'm sliding across grass). You might want to think about furniture glides if you can find something that will slide reasonably on your deck, or even castors. Those will require that your base be much more rigid of course.
Can I have multiple heating zones with a combination boiler? Just thinking off the top of my head maybe a wooden (cypress) frame, put a metal grid across the bottom (maybe some kind of galvanized grid) and brace it with some pieces of cypress. Then put the landscape fabric over the metal grid and then fill with sand. I almost said go with a straight metal grid but the weight of sand and children would probably be too much so the pieces of cypress would brace across the metal grid. This way you'd get good drainage and the ability to move it around (if you put it on casters). Not sure how resistant redwood plywood is to rot or if they make cypress plywood.
Is basement smell caused by oil boiler? Although dry and not moldy, my 130-year-old basement has a distinct basement smell that bothers my wife. I am trying to determine its source. We have steam heat. In the summer, the boiler is only used for hot water, of couse. Do oil boilers usually smell? The boiler is seven years old. It was inspected by the oil company and given a clean bill of health when we moved in a few months age.
What are the different types of drywall anchors, and what are the advantages of each? I recently put up wire shelving in my pantry, and spent forever figuring out what type of drywall anchor I should use. I even found several types that I didn't even know existed. It might be good to have a reference page for drywall anchors. So, what type of anchors have you used, and for what projects?
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? When installing tubs I've mostly used cementboard. I find it a bear to work with though. A guy I know uses the water resistant greenboard; he claims that for home applications it is entirely adequate. I've asked at the home center about the difference in reliability, etc. and just gotten shrugs. Has anyone encountered tub or shower damage where greenboard was used? Can I switch completely from cementboard to greenboard or are there some applications where I should hesitate?
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Use cement board for the tub area, especially if tiling. for the rest of the bathroom you can use a mold resistant drywall like these. U.S. Gypsum (Sheetrock® Brand Humitek®) National Gypsum (Gold Bond Brand XP) Temple-Inland (Silent-Guard™ TS) Georgia Pacific (DensArmor® Plus U.S. Gypsum (FiberRoc® AquaTough™) After a quick Google search it sounds like greenboard is just drywall with wax on it, and I could not find one source that said it was good for anything. *Take a look at this product Schluter®-KERDI for tile on walls. and Schluter®-DITRA for floors.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? I almost always use the self-drilling stud solver type anchors. I find that they are tough enough to hang just about anything. Aside from those, the only other anchors I've found that I like are the toggle-bolt type, which are more useful if you need to hang something from the ceiling.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Hard to say without smelling it, but it's likely moisture (even if it's dry) or just poor air circulation. First thing I would try would be putting a dehumidifier down there to see if that helps.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Might want to check out this thread. Seems like they have a few different ideas: CLR (which you already tried) Run vinegar through the dishwasher. Use a different detergent (can vouch for cascade complete here - it's awesome) Use a special filter/water softener.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? As someone with an oil furnace -- when running properly, the smell of an oil furnace shouldn't be significantly noticable. (although some people are more sensitive than others). Possible smells from an oil furnace: If you have a leak in a fuel tank, or some other spill, it will smell like diesel fuel. If your chimney doesn't draft correctly, you could get smoke inside the house, which leaves a greasy smoke everywhere. (like the exhaust from a badly maintained diesel vehicle) If you don't get your furnace cleaned and inspected, you can get a condition where it burns hot. (there was a jet of flame shooting out of the inspection port), which can also get smoke inside the house. If you had water radiators with a circulation pump, if not maintained or it breaks a seal, the wear can cause an oil burning smell Luckily, I haven't had the first one -- that took months for my neighbor's basement to vent because their oil company overflowed their tank. I think there was still a lingering smell for a year, as it had soaked into the concrete. (the soot thing sucked, too, but once I scrubbed down the walls, it wasn't so bad).
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Greenboard is water resistant, but should not be used in areas that are going to stay damp, such as tub surrounds. Once water gets into it (especially if it's not sealed correctly, and there's not the requisite gap between the tub and the wallboard), it will slowly deteriorate and/or mold -- it's water resistant, not water proof. Yes, cement board is a pain to work with, it's better than having to tear out the whole wall because something was off in the installation of the greenboard. ... All that being said, I believe I've seen some home improvement shows that used greenboard and then waterproof membrane over everything to add an extra layer of water protection when they were doing a shower install (tiling the walls and floor; and there was no tub they were joining up to). ... You might also want to check with your local government -- it's possible that there might be codes that dictate what you're allowed (or required) to use in shower/tub areas.
two condensate drains? we just had a new AC system installed in my florida house. the unit is in the garage, and the air handler is vertical with the evaporator on top. the unit he removed had 2 condensate lines: one that drips outside on to the lawn and a second on that points at the floor but never dripped. the new unit is only connected to the outside drain. should the new unit have 2 drain lines?
two condensate drains? No, probably not. The reason there are two lines is in case one gets clogged up, the second one will be used as a backup. The reason for the backup line is if the unit is in the house, you absolutely don't want a clog in one drain line to cause water to drip out of the unit and get all over your house. Since it is in the garage though, it probably just doesn't matter much if you get water on the garage floor. Which is probably why the installer didn't bother installing a backup line (which it sounds like just drained onto the floor anyways)
two condensate drains? I worked concrete one summer while I was in high school, but I'm no expert and it was a long time ago. That being said, here's what I would try: I'd give both of your solutions a shot first. However, if you end up completely destroying the two chips, I'd try to pour a new corner. Drill two holes into the corner of the foundation and dowel into it with a few inches of 3/8" re-bar. After you've hammered in the steel, form up the corner and pour the concrete. Also, this forum includes discussion about how to repair similar cracks. This website also explains a bit more about this type of foundation crack: Brick that is laid directly in contact with concrete foundations can cause angular cracks like this in the top 12 - 16 inches of a foundation. These cracks are caused by the brick expanding and pushing the outer corner of the foundation with it. The cracks are not major structural problems. It is often pointless to repair them as the next time it gets hot, a crack will likely appear in your repair material.
two condensate drains? Stud finder. In case you need to hang something that requires more support than a drywall has.
two condensate drains? I think it mostly comes down to people's expectations. Everyone expects to be able to flip a switch and the lights come on. Home automation systems use something that looks like a switch, but doesn't act like one. That of course confuses people. If the systems they used looked nothing like switches, people would have different expectations and would treat them differently.
two condensate drains? One thing that would help would be standardization of interfaces. Either through collaboration of the companies in the industry or by one dominating market share and others going copy cat. A common structure and location of menus, meaning of icons, etc. It is great to have competition for reasons of pricing, innovation, etc but a familiar interface is what will make it more usable for the average person that just wants it to work. Look at computers, is Windows the "best" system available? No, but it is the best known, most familiar, and so wins out 9/10 times unless you are dealing with someone with specific needs or a higher interest in computers. A light switch has a few variations sure, but it is still an extremely simple device, and for the most part you know Up is on and Down is off. A good example of disparate interfaces are cell phones. I'm a tech guy, you hand me a phone, I can figure it out, but I'm constantly asked by other people when they get a new phone how to do the operations they used to do on the old phone, add contacts, change ringtones, etc. Apple, Android, Nokia, Samsung, BlackBerry, Windows Mobile, Motorola are all different user experiences. For ringtones, one is under Alerts, another Audio, Sound, Notifications, etc. Menu, Settings, Options, Preferences. It's like when a manufacturer goes to make a new interface, they pull out another companies phone and a Thesaurus and just pick different words. People will deal with cracked screens, poor reception, short battery life, etc just to avoid having to learn a new phone.
two condensate drains? There are plastic anchors. My suggestion, avoid them like the plague. I much prefer the self-drilling that Eric posted, easier to install and much stronger hold in my experience. With these, you have to pre-drill the hole, get it too small and it doesn't fit and you have to drill again, or it gets stuck partially and you have to rip it out or try to mash it in. Get it too big and the anchor doesn't do its job. To get them to hold well, you have to get the perfect size hole.
two condensate drains? I am not an expert on the subject, but when we were buying our house, inspector noted that heating system has three separate pumps for the three zones. He said, that it was "nice", and "more reliable then a single pump". From this I draw a conclusion that it is possible to run multiple zones off of a single pump, but you probably want to avoid doing that.
Wood for boarding a loft? I want to board out my loft - just for easy storage of things like tools, boxes, old clothes, suitcases, small unused furtniture etc (i.e. nothing too heavy). I am wondering what kind of boards to buy for this purpose. Most of the boards I see advertised for doing this are chipboard, but they also vary widely in price. What's the recommended approach considering I want it to last for 10 years or more?
Wood for boarding a loft? This article has a beautiful summary of the different types of anchors.
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows? I live in the North Eastern corner of US, and my house has 50 year old single-pane wooden windows. They held up not too bad, considering, but now I want to replace them all. Things that are important to me are: Decent energy efficiency (this, hopefully, is easy to judge -- the numbers are "printed on the box") Durability (this is a tough one to know up front. All I know is that I hate broken seals) Maintenance free-ness Not astronomically expensive. Coming from the IT world, I usually obsess with specs and numbers, and new shiny things tend to excite me -- after reading various stuff online for a bit, my thinking goes: "vinyl is cheap for a reason, wood is nice looking but requires maintenance, and fiberglass is where it's at!" But is it even the right approach? Should I stop obsessing about technology, and instead focus on finding a great manufacturer (under the assumption that great vinyl window will live longer then an average fiberglass one). I guess my actual questions are: Is window technology important? And if it is, then what's good? What are the good window manufacturers? What else am I missing (let's talk about just picking the right windows, and not even start on installation)
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows? My storage attic is just some plywood sheets over the rafters/insulation. Just nailed them right to the ceiling joists. My attic probably isn't as large as your loft but if you're not looking to make a living space out of it the plywood should probably be fine for you.
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows? Since you are going to place it on a deck, move it around, want to keep water and cats out, I would just buy a plastic one with a lid. In my opinion its not worth the hassle. The wood alone will make it heavy and hard to move around, let alone with sand in it. They are fairly cheap, we bought one a few weeks ago at a garage sale for $5. I know there is pride in doing it yourself, I wanted to build one too, but in the end, it may not be worth it.
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? I bought 12-foot-long 5/4 x 6 in pressure-treated pine deck board from Home Depot. Not until I laid them down did I notice that the boards' width tapers significantly toward the ends of each board. See the picture below. My deck is finished (as of last night—yay!), but just so I know for next time: is this kind of variation in width something I have to expect? Or was I just unlucky with what Home Depot had this week? Or can I avoid this buy shopping elsewhere?
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? As Scott mentioned, plywood will probably be fine. I just used 1/2 inch plywood in mine. I would probably recommend you use "real" plywood though rather than the chipboard stuff. It's a bit more expensive, but also much more durable if you're going to be walking on it. One thing to think about (that I didn't) is that if you are in a cold climate you'll typically want the insulation in the loft to come up several inches over the tops of the floor joists (assuming blown in insulation here). If that's the case, you may not be able to attach the plywood directly to the joists without compressing the insulation (which is not good).
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? The reason copper gas pipes are soldered with silver solder is the melting temperature is much higher. This is done in case your house catches on fire, normal solder would melt and you would have a blow-torch helping burn down your house.
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? I've never noticed that before, but Home Depot sources their lumber from different mills, so they may vary slightly from batch to batch. It may also even out a bit as the wood dries. One thing I did find, at least in my area, is that the 5/4 deck boards from Home Depot are significantly different than the ones at Lowes. The Lowes ones are slightly narrower but a bit thicker and the depot ones are thinner but slightly wider. Was very annoying when I got some boards from one place and more later from another only to find that they weren't really the same dimensions.
How do I sand stamps off of lumber? I just finished building a deck. The boards have stamps 1–2 ft from each end, and I could not bring my self to be as wasteful as to always cut them off. I tried to place the boards with the stamp down when possible, but the mill seemed to have taken special care to place the stamp on the “good” (undamaged) side of most boards. Here is a picture: I probably have 30–50 of these stamps to sand off. How easily do they come off—is it too much to do by hand, using a block and sandpaper, given that I have no ambition of becoming the next Karate Kid? If so, I will have to convince my wife to let me buy another powertool. :) Should I get a belt sander, or will a random-orbit sander or Mouse be sufficient for this job? (The latter two would be more useful for future indoor projects.)
How do I sand stamps off of lumber? If you can get under your deck I'd try and do a test sanding just using sandpaper and some arm strength to see how easy the stamps come off. I'd be willing to bet a small orbital sander would do the trick with some fine grit paper. Orbital sanders are pretty cheap so convincing the wife shouldn't be too much trouble. Maybe hop on craigslist or ebay and see if ya snag one on the cheap.
How do I sand stamps off of lumber? For occassional storage chipboard or any plywood 1/2" or greater will be fine. Go to 5/8 minimum if your joists are on 2' centers. I personally don't agree with the advice to use plywood. Chipboard is fine: it's strong, and it's made using waste materials so it's more ecologically sound to use it where it's appropriate. It's not appropriate for applications that are exposed to the elements in any way: in those cases plywood is more durable so justifies the 2x cost and the extra environmental impact. Chipboard does have a strength axis, which you might as well take advantage of it: you want the joists running across the short side, i.e. 5 joists on every 4x8 sheet if the joists are on 2' centers. Chipboard made for flooring has a tongue-and-groove along the long side. That's because while the short sides are supported by the joists, the long sides bridge the joists. Locking a tongue into a groove prevents sagging between the floor joists. Obviously not a big deal for you storage loft, but if it only costs a few more bucks for the tongue-and-groove I'd get that. I've only seen that in 3/4" and 1", BTW, so if you get that you'll have a proper floor up there that you could hold a neighborhood dance on.
Does decking board orientation really matter? I've been told that decking boards should always be installed "bark side up" so that the boards crown (and shed water) as they age rather than cup (and collect water). But then I've also heard that it should be done the other way around. And I've also heard that it just doesn't matter one way or the other - just put the "nicest" side up. So, which way is best, or doesn't it matter at all?
Crack spanning several tiles I've got several tiles in my dining room that have a diagonal crack running across them. Since it's a pretty straight line across several tiles, I'm guessing it's a foundation issue. The room is at the corner of the house, and the crack runs diagonally so that it "cuts off" the corner. If I replace the tiles, is it likely to crack again? Is there any way I can remedy this?
Crack spanning several tiles In my experience with X10, the number 1 problem is the reliability of signal. Yes, there's the complexity of setup, etc. But most of these don't impact people very much. You set it up once; it's fine for a very long time. But it's the randomness of behavior that causes the real frustration with home automation. Sometimes things just don't work, or they work with a strange delay, or lights magically turn themselves off. The solution to this, IMO, is to transmit data on a data line rather than trying to transmit over power (flakey) or RF (range problems). If power cables included a twisted pair for data, that would make a huge difference in my opinion. It would also get rid of the need for X10 devices to draw small amounts of power even when off, which screws up CF bulbs which hate being fed small amounts of choppy power and flicker terribly on X10 circuits if there isn't an incandescent in the loop. The trick to this is that you'd need a very good way to continue the twisted pairs at junctions that didn't use them. In practice, I think the solution for this would be a new style of electrical gang box. The non-technical members of my household actually love the home automation. I've been able to tie light switches together that were a pain to use, put wireless light switches across the room where they're useful, and let you turn out all the downstairs lights with a single button in the bedroom. When it works, they love it. But they'd love it a lot more if the house were wired for it from the start, and it were just configured well as part of building the house.
Crack spanning several tiles Depends on how old your house is. If it's at least 5-10 years old or so, it's probably finished settling and installing new tiles would likely fix the problem permanently.
Crack spanning several tiles I was curious if you could wash those off and found an article that has four different ways to wash off stamp ink: http://www.ehow.com/how_5185607_remove-ink-stamp-wood.html. Of course this is talking about stamp pad ink but I would try one of these to see if you could get the ink out first before going to sanding it (sanding could be visible if you are not very careful).
Crack spanning several tiles I would say crown side up and shed water. The deck that was on my house when I bought it was cup side up and is in horrible shape. That could be from the fact that the people never took care of it but being in a rather wet/snowy climate didn't help. I'm sure pooled water of any kind can't be good, even on treated wood.
Crack spanning several tiles Instead of trying to fix the crack, first try figuring out what is causing the crack. You can fix a crack many times, but if you are fighting against something like water pressure (or one of the many other causes of cracks in concrete), you will never win. Once you find what is causing the crack, then look to mitigate the problem somehow (proper drainage in the case of water buildup), and then fixing it one final time will take care of the problem.
New Concrete Patio Options We would like to put in a new concrete patio. We are looking at a stamped concrete patio for durability and visual appeal. What other options are there? What are the pros and cons of the different options? In addition, what about staining concrete? What is the durability? Does it need to be reapplied?
New Concrete Patio Options Depending on your location mold build-up (in addition to the dust mentioned by others), can be a big reason to clean the ducts. Areas with high humidity can grow impressive mold collections, particularly on systems that have humidifiers as well.
Where can I find central heating system with radiators? Coming from Europe, I am used to radiator heating systems and thinking about putting one into a fixer-upper house I intend to buy. Where can I find such a system in the North-American market?
Where can I find central heating system with radiators? You should be able to find them in any of the original colonies in colder climates, as they're needed for restoration work in older homes. (so, eastern seaboard, from Maryland to the north) American radiators tend to be heavy steel or iron and gravity fed, with larger pipes that I don't believe are as efficient as those found in areas like Germany. My neighbors are currently going through a remodel of their home (1940s construction, in Maryland) got theirs from an architectural salvage place. The burners (oil in their case, and in my home), you can still get new so are easier to replace. Contact your local plumbing supply store; if they can't tell you where to find radiators, their customers (plumbers & pipe fitters) might be able to. You might also find the 'baseboard heating' where there's a copper pipe with fins attached that run along the whole wall of a room. If you just want the non-drying qualities of radiator heat but can't find radiators in your area, this might be an alternative. (I've never seen fan-assisted models in the US, either, but I'm guessing if they have them, it'd be in the northeast.
Where can I find central heating system with radiators? Typical early style radiator heat is nothing like modern European style radiators. You should find out what originally came with the house to make the best fit. There is steam heat, water heat. The boiler may be powered by oil, natural gas, or (if it's really old) coal. As Joe mentioned, the radiators can be gravity powered or propelled with a circulation pump. The gravity fed systems use large cast iron pipes down to the boiler and is less efficient. A circulation pump feed system uses smaller pipes and is more efficient, but you probably wouldn't want to retrofit a pump on a gravity fed system without changing out the pipes. I've seen a This Old House episode where Tom placed a European style thermostat on a standard water filled radiator. So, this may be an option for you.
How to replace a bath tub Our 30-year-old home as a 30-year-old yellow cast-iron tub that's gross. What's the best way to go about swapping it out for a modern plastic or acryllic one? It's currently set into the wall by about 1cm on two sites (the front where the taps and drains are and on the long side) and it has brickwork has been built up on the 3rd side to match the height and make a small shelf, which has then been tiled. The new baths we're looking at are almost the exact same length and depth, but they're slightly shallower (height).
How to replace a bath tub Honestly, It can be a giant pain in the butt. You start with covering it with a thick blanket or two and smashing it with a sledgehammer to bust it up into pieces (yeah, that's really how it's done). The blanket is to prevent getting yourself cut up by flying pieces of cast iron and porcelain. You might also have to bust out the tile/brickwork as well, depending on how things fit together. To get the new tub in, you might just be able to get it in the door, but many bathroom doors in older houses are of the 24" variety and you can't fit a tub through them - especially if it's a one piece shower/tub system. If that's the case you will probably need to take the door out, cut out a stud on one side and bust up the wall a bit to get the new unit in. Then of course rebuild it all once you got the new tub in. I would strongly consider re-glazing your existing tub. It can really make a crappy old tub look like brand new.
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? I'm looking to hang a mirror on the wall on my bathroom. It weighs about 20 or so lbs. There are no built in hooks on the back of the mirror? What should I use to hang this thing?
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? Liquid Nails Mirror Adhesive, but it does say you need to use a mechanical support as well, such as a shelf angle or "J" channel. Another option is Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive which will hold about anything. In our new house, we installed large, frameless mirrors in each bathroom using this and it worked great. UPDATE As Alex pointed out in the comments, the site for Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive does not recommend using it for mirrors. They do have two other products that are specifically for mirrors, Mirror Adhesive (LN-930) and Mirror Adhesive (LOW-VOC) (LN-730)
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? It didn't come with anything? The one 'frameless' mirror that I have is in the dining room, and it's probably 30 lbs, but it has a wooden frame behind it and a set of small metal clips that go over the edge onto the front of the mirror and then screw into the wooden frame. It really doesn't change the look, but it supports the whole thing very nicely. I'd try to do something similar with another frameless mirror.
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? It sounds like you're using keypads to control sets of lights. Two important things: Label the buttons well and Keep it simple and consistent. For example, if you're using scenes, have the buttons say the name of a scene that makes sense, depending on the location. If there's a keypad in the hallway outside the kitchen in the living room, make sure it's clear which scenes control the kitchen, and which control the living room. Also, if you're using scenes, avoid mixing button types; eg, having "dim" and "bright" buttons in addition to scenes is confusing. I'd also echo @Rob Napier's point that reliability is a huge factor. If you press a button and it "sometimes" works, it will just lead to frustration (in effect: don't use X10). Also along the lines of being consistent, pick one or two different types of switches, and stick to those. If you have a mix of toggle switches, rocker dimmers, 6-button and 8-button keypads, it's just going to be confusing. Standardize on a manufacturer and style, and stick to it. The other obvious thing is really talk to your users. Make sure you know what they typically do, and adjust the system appropriately. Maybe they always go into a room and want a certain light on at a certain level, but you never do .. make sure you talk to that person so you know to set it up so it works they way they expect.
What is the proper way to install/paint baseboard? I've installed some new baseboards, though I'm not really sure I have the right method down. Here's what I do: Paint baseboard Paint walls Cut and install baseboard (using brad nailer and/or liquid nails) Sand outside corners so they're not as pointy Go over nail holes and straight joins with putty, and seal corners with caulk Sand putty with high grit (just to smooth it out) Touch-up paint on all the putty/caulk The downside of this method is that there is a (in some places) small but noticeable gap between the top of the baseboard and the wall. Pretty much anywhere if you wanted to, you could push a piece of paper behind the baseboard. Most new construction I've seen doesn't have this gap, and generally if the walls/trim is re-painted at some point, that also seals up the gap. Is there a step I'm skipping where people caulk the top edge all the way around? Or am I doing this completely wrong?
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? "Standard" bathroom vanities are 30", where as kitchen counter tops are typically 36". For me (6' tall), the 30" vanity is rather low. Is there any reason to leave vanities that height, or can they be installed higher? Is there any practical downside to having a higher vanity (eg, kids)?
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? At Home Depot (or Lowes) you should be able to find these Spring Loaded Mirror Mounting Clips made specially for hanging a mirror. They are no where near as big as a j channel and the top two have a small spring inside of them so they kind of grasp the mirror (and snugly fit on the glass). You put the two without the springs in the bottom and the mirror just sits in them. Two more (with the springs) added to the top prevent the mirror from falling forward. Of course it would be best if you can get them into a beam in your wall. And you will barely notice the clips on the mirror once it is in place.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? I recently re-trimmed my closet door and there was a slight gap at the top thanks to shifting or settling. I nailed up the trim and then used Elmer's white wood putty to fill in the gap. It comes in a variety of colors and paints over really well. Easy to spread out as well, I just used my finger to smooth over the gap and after a little paint you can't even tell it's there. I wouldn't consider it a "step" in installing baseboard, you probably just have a slight defect or warp in either the baseboard or wall. Just one of life's little things.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? The baseboard in my house is white so when I have had to replace/remove some I find the original builder had put caulk along the top. So when I put it back, I too add a line of caulk along the top edge to fill in any gaps and I also think it really gives it that finished look. Of course this would not work as well if your baseboard is not white (and probably I would not recommend doing it then).
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? You could make them as tall as you like, but you may run into problems when it comes time to sell. Also as you mentioned kids may have trouble using them, and would need taller step stools.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? If the gap is not too large I would just leave it. If the gap is noticeable and bothers you I would remove the baseboard and trim/sand out anything behind it that is holding it away from the wall, keep in mind you may still have slight gaps in places where the wall or baseboard are not perfectly straight. You could also install the baseboard at a very slight angle (using shims) so that the top touches the wall leaving no gap, but the bottom is out a very small amount. make sure the angle is very slight otherwise it will be noticeable, but for the most part nobody will notice a slight angle on the baseboard. The only place I would use caulk on top of a baseboard is in the bathroom/kitchen, just to make sure water stays out from behind the baseboard.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? If you are doing a double sink, I've seen in some homes where one portion of the vanity counter is raised. That way you have the normal height for the not so tall and a raised height for us normal people :). Being 6' also, I saw that and thought "I will have that in my house", having the counter half way between your knees and waist gets very annoying...
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? You would usually caulk the gap between the baseboard and the wall. This is why I usually don't bother painting the trim before putting it up (unless I'm staining it). Usually I would prime the wall first, then put up the trim, putty/caulk, paint the trim, then finally paint the walls.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? Removing the sheetrock will lower the finished stool height a bit which will help maintain a more even reveal on the window, and make it look less like the stool was added on. Cut around the edges first with a utility knife to minimize damage to the surrounding jambs & wall below and then just pry it up. If you really want to keep the same reveal as the old sheetrock, you could build up your new stool out of 1/2" thick stock (assuming the sheetrock was 1/2"). Make one piece that is the size and shape of the entire stool, then thicken it where it projects out from the wall by laminating another 1/2" thick piece underneath.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? My house is on a slab (no basement, no crawl space) and every summer when it gets hot and humid i am getting a ground/soil smell in our living room. First i was blaming it on the absence of the basement but now realized that i only get this smell in one room. The only difference about that room is that it has a lawn along one wall and a flower bed along another. Can that be a reason? Maybe i should pave a foot of space along that wall. What else can cause it?
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? While I was house shopping at the beginning of the year, I saw several houses that had his and hers vanities, with the 'his' (also known as 'shaving height') vanity several inches higher than the 'hers' vanity. The height for a shaving vanity ranges from 34-36", while the 'hers' vanity is the standard 30." This forum also discusses the topic.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? I've seen lots of houses that use standard kitchen cabinets as a master bath vanity -- around here at least it's considered an upgrade. A 36" height is not uncomfortably tall for anyone but small children (which is why they're only used in the master bath). My wife is 5'2" and loved the 36" double vanity in our old house.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? A Block Plane Fits in a toolbelt or toolbox. Comes out every time something almost fits. Saves eight million trips back to the table saw. Handles simple rounding and shaping.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? I just installed baseboard through my entire house. I caulked the top of the baseboard, as you are thinking. I used a paintable silicone caulk, like DAP Dynaflex. Once it dried, I went back with a detail brush and painted the caulk the color of the baseboard. It's a few extra hours of work, but it looks great. Our painter did a couple rooms, and this is how he did it as well. Other than that, I think you have the process down. The reason you paint first is so that you can roll on the paint in long sections. Trust me, painting the baseboard after installation is crazy. Also, painting after cutting the baseboard takes a lot longer than painting the entire strip of baseboard prior to cutting.
I need to clean and reseal my dock, most sealers don't mention if they are safe to use over water I have a wood dock over a lake. It is time to clean and seal the dock. I am planning on pressure washing the dock first, then I am planning to have a clear seal. Looking at products in Lowe's and Depot I can't determine what is safe to use. I don't want it to look like a BP spill or kill any life forms.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? Our water heater (gas) is located in the garage. It is 25 to 30 feet away from the closest faucet, which I'm guessing is the main reason it takes so long -- a minute or longer -- to get hot water flowing into my house. What can I do to reduce the time it takes to get hot water flowing?
How can I speed up my slow hot water? Insulate the hot water pipes from the hot water heater to the faucet. Hopefully you have access to them in your crawl space.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? You can go for a small water heater right near the faucet. I have done this with small 8 litre water heaters in the kitchen and guest toilets rather than linking them to the main water heater.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? One option is a recirculating water pump, which can pump hot water into the pipes based on various triggers (on demand, based on a timer, based on water temp, etc depending on model). I used one at my previous house, and it worked pretty well. There's more info here: http://www.askthebuilder.com/413_Hot_Water_Recirculating_Pumps.shtml
How can I speed up my slow hot water? Install a hot water recirculating pump. Older pumps required that the house be plumbed with a return loop to support circulation, but newer designs can be retrofitted if a house wasn't plumbed that way. More info: http://www.askthebuilder.com/413_Hot_Water_Recirculating_Pumps.shtml $ saving tip: put the pump on a timer and have it come on only when you typically use hot water at that location. Or use an X-10 switched outlet (or something similar) to allow remote manual switching combined with timed events.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? They do make stain specifically for marine use. Doesn't say specifically that it's environmentally friendly, but the MSDS sheet does say it's water soluble. The same manufacturer has environmentally friendly stains as well, but I have no idea how well they might work (or exactly what "environmentally friendly" means to them).
How can I speed up my slow hot water? The best way to speed up hot water to the tap is through the use of a booster heater, also known as a "point of use" hot water heater. This is a small (~4 gallon) hot water heater installed very near the sink. If you need a lot of hot water and you want it to start fast you can install the hot water line as the supply for the point of use heater. That way you will have 4 gallons for immediate use and if you use that up you will be drawing hot water from your main hot water heater. If you don't need more than 4 gallons of hot water at the sink you can just use cold water as the supply. Here's an example of a point of use water heater for sale at Amazon.com.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? There really isn't a perfect solution to slow-flowing water, other than carefully planning your home so that the water heater is as close to the faucets as possible. As stated by Josh, one solution is water recirculation. But depending on usage scenarios, water recirculation can waste a lot of energy. "Sense" technology that enables recirculation when needed can improve efficiency. And installing a system that uses the "cold" water circuit as a return line can make installation relatively easy. If all else has failed, you can try quickly opening and closing the hot water - forcing the system to kick in. Wait a minute or so, and when you open again, you'll have hot water (and you will have saved a minute of running water). Another solution is the instant water heater, like this one produced by Clage. It works by heating right next to the faucets. On-demand water heaters are quite efficient for usual "short burst" operation.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? As long as the boiler is capable of providing enough hot water through the system to heat the whole house if necessary you shouldn't have a problem. What you are proposing is a "coarser" version of thermostatic valves on each radiator and that is perfectly safe for a combination boiler. I don't think you need return valves. Make sure that you leave one radiator "open" (usually the bathroom one) so that there is some flow around the circuit. By the way the fact that it's a combination boiler is a red herring. The "combi" bit refers to the hot water heater, the central heating aspect is pretty much the same as a "standard" boiler with integral pump. Update If you want to control the times each room is heated independently you can get combined timer and thermostatic radiator valves - My Greener Home has some for example.
Humidity Levels What is a healthy and safe humidity level that I should try to keep my house at?
Should I apply car wax to the outside of my air conditioning unit? Through different conversations with family members and friends, I have been told that it is good to apply a coat of car wax to the outside of the air conditioning unit frame. I assume that this is to maintain a protective seal and prevent corrosion. Has anyone done this before? I just bought a new Trane XR15 unit in April and I want to keep it in tip-top shape for as long as possible.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? I'm trying to install some shelves in my apartment (brick/concrete) but when I drill holes the walls almost seem like they're made of sand. I'm not able to securely fix the screws (I'm using wall plugs) and the shelves appear like they're going to fall down at any minute. Is there anything I can do about it? I was wondering if I could use some material inside the holes after I drill them (and before putting the wall plugs) so I can make the screws stay firm in their place. Any tips?
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? It's probably worth it if you are running new pipes or the existing pipes are easily accessible, but if you have to lift boards etc. to gain access probably not.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? You can use different fittings, such as frame fixings (the kind of thing you'd use to hold a exterior door frame or window in it's hole). Also, you could fix up a batten with lots and lots of long rawlplugs and fat screws (two rawlplugs per hole, one deeper so the whole screw is biting into rawlplug), then screw your shelves to that nice study wood batten.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? If you have a drainage issue, or you're likely to have freezing conditions, I'd personally want to lay a small coating of gravel across the concrete first - allow that pent-up water to get out of the way. If you're building this in, say, Phoenix, though, that may not really matter and laying them directly atop the concrete shouldn't be a problem. To the 'cement' part of your question: why not go with dry-laid? As long as there is some form of rim to the patio, or you're not driving over them, dry-laying would make both maintenance and modification easier.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? Are you sure you are not drilling between the mortar? That is the weakest point to drill. There are a couple different things you can do. I assume you are using concrete anchors so you can apply a generous coating of Loctite Metal and Concrete Epoxy onto the anchor before you insert it into the hole. The other option is to take furring strips (pressure treated 1x4's) and attach them to the wall with blue concrete anchor screws, at least 2 and 1/2 inches long. These should make a good thread and the furring strips will add to the support structure. Space your anchors 2-4 inches apart vertically and on-center.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? In the winter it is 30 to 40 percent in cold climates. During the summer, indoor humidity levels should be kept below about 65 percent to minimize the potential for mold growth and below about 50 percent to minimize dust mites. See this article for some more great information on humidity levels: Keep Your Home Healthy
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? A better solution might be to build a framework to support the shelves rather than trying to "bodge" (as we say in the UK) the holes. What you need to do is spread the load from the shelves over a larger area. Without knowing the layout of your walls it's difficult to suggest anything definite but if you had an alcove you could fix vertical battens up the sides and then hang the shelves between those. Another alternative is to use a glue such as "No Nails", however, you need to check that it's suitable for your walls and can handle the load.
What should I keep in mind when altering the drainage around my basement? My back yard has some wet spots near the corner of my house. Because of property lines, fences, and window wells for my basement, it's hard to dramatically change the surface drainage of the area. I'm considering putting in a plastic drain box and perforated pipe that will tie into the storm sewer system. What things should I be careful of when doing this? Should I consider just doing a French drain which does not tie into the storm sewer? Should I dig a trench, line with small rock, then lay in the corrugated, perforated pipe? I'd really hate to do all the work of burying the pipe only to discover I didn't do it right.
What should I keep in mind when altering the drainage around my basement? The lower end stuff is crap, and will drive you mad over time. This includes X-10, Insteon, and UPB. These products will fail. It's just a question of how long before they do. Z-Wave is a technology, not a product line. If you want something complete and reliable, go for Lutron RadioRA. Version 2 of this industry-standard system was released recently, and prices have become more reasonable. This is a whole-house solution. They also offer single-room and smaller-scene packages, and the mother-load solution called HomeWorks, which pretty much rules out retrofitting. http://www.lutron.com Note that you'll want a pro to install and configure these switches, unless you're really geeky and comfortable with handling electricity. And single. Edit: Here is a link to a discussion about this very thing on a pro site. Read the comments: http://www.cepro.com/article/hardwired_vs_wireless_lighting_control/
What should I keep in mind when altering the drainage around my basement? Planning Permission determines whether you are allowed to make the change. The DirectGov site has information about when you need to apply. You need planning permission before you start building - ideally before you hire a builder. You will need architects plans to obtain permission. It is possible to get planning permission retrospectively, but don't rely on this. If you fail you will have to demolish your extension/building and restore the site. Building Regulations determine whether what you have built is legal (safety, insulation etc.). There's some information on the Government's Communities site An inspector will visit your site at regular intervals or by appointment during the build to check that each stage meets the regulations. Work shouldn't start on the next stage until this has happened as you might have to redo aspects which would be a waste of time and money. Some types/size of building/extension don't need planning permission, but will need to pass inspection. The exemptions will depend on where you are. This is probably one of those cases where quoting from the linked pages is a bad idea as these can and do change quite frequently and there may be local regulations which supersede the national ones (Conservation areas for example).
Does a software-controlled central heating programmer and thermostat exist? I have a central heating programmer in the airing cupboard (where the hot water tank is). It allows a couple of separate schedules for water and heating separately, and also for manual override when needed. The thermostat is in the hallway by the front door. I'd like to replace this kit with a basic bare-bones system that would allow an application on my Windows PC to control it. I'm a software developer, so it's a hobby project and I don't necessarily need a totally complete solution from a single vendor. I'm thinking of something which is little more than relays on a TCP/IP-enabled PCB. Anyone have any recommendations?
Electric Fireplace worth it The wife is bent on getting an Electric heater for the living room. We opted not to purchase the gas fireplace when we built our home (through Ryan). She claims these things can cost up to $1000. She has a guy on craigslist thats trying to get rid of his for < $200. Says he bought it preparing to install it and they moved to a new home w/ a fireplace before he could. Will this improve the value of my home?
Electric Fireplace worth it I just answered a similar question about lighting automation options here. If you're going to be in a home for a while, invest in something that won't drive you crazy. RadioRA is controllable by just about every third party home automation system.
Electric Fireplace worth it If you are not in a freezing condition, then the only other problem I see is that the pavers will shift on top of the concrete pad. Gravel would make that worse. You are going to have to brace the pavers to keep them from shifting.
Electric Fireplace worth it This is very likely a drainage issue. I would check the following things: Does water drain away from the house near this room? Are plants growing right up next to the foundation? You might want to put a buffer of 10" of rock (4-6" deep) next to the house. Since the house has vinyl siding you need to peek under the siding and see if you have moisture collecting under the siding. Spray the side of the house gently with water or go out after a rain and pull back some of your siding and check for water seepage. The smell could be the result of smells outside but it could be moisture in the walls. The cinder blocks can also be an issue. Concrete holds a surprising amount of moisture. In addition to the things mentioned above, you likely would benefit from a dehumidifier in this room. Check the humidity with a cheap humidity tester and if the room is over 65% humidity you should consider dehumidifying.
Electric Fireplace worth it A Picquic. [I would have left this as a comment on the screwdriver-set answer, but I don't have sufficient rep.] If you're in Canada, the one tool I'd recommend above any other is the standard Picquic combination screwdriver. Canadian Tire's page is probably the best example -- judging by the reviews, I'm not the only one who loves it. :) I've used mine for years, on almost every job I've done around the house. In a pinch, the bits also fit well into a cordless drill. There are probably good equivalents in other countries, though I've not run across any myself.
Electric Fireplace worth it Liquid aerification doesn't really sound like a good idea to me, but I quite honestly know nothing about it. What I'd do: Rent an aerator, spread compost and/or some good fertilizer, and water the yard. Repeat at least once a year. If you don't have any grass growing currently, bring in some compost and mix it in with the existing soil with a tiller (or something bigger).
Electric Fireplace worth it If properly installed, I can't see why it wouldn't increase the value of your home by more than the $200 you paid for it. You also need to think beyond just resale and consider the value you (or your wife) gets by having it as well.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? My bathroom above my tub is getting some black spots on it that seems to be growing. I assume it's mold. I am wondering how should I deal with this? What should I expect it to cost?
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? I've never heard of this before. Does it mention anything about doing that in the maintenance guide for your unit? If not, then I probably wouldn't bother.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? I've only done the french drain thing; I have no idea what would be required with tying into a storm sewer; you'd likely want to contact the local government and/or water company to ask. Anytime you're digging, you'll want to be aware of where underground utilities are. In the DC area, you call 'Miss Utility', and they'll mark out everything. (I think technically, you're not required if you're digging by hand, but it's still a good idea). You might also want to take a look at what large trees are nearby, as you might have to deal with roots -- you can cut them as you go, but that might end up killing the tree or weakening it so it sheds branches, and large branches falling on your house or car is not a good thing. (especially when you have no power, so get trapped in your (damaged) home). You'll want to look at what's down-slope of the area you're dealing with, and how much area you have to absorb the water once you move it down there, if you're going the french drain route. If it's an area that already gets pretty marshy after a rain, it's not going to absorb anything, so you'll need to go far enough out 'til you find somewhere that'll take the water. You also don't want to try to force it out near the property line, or you might piss off your neighbors (and if they're lawyers, or just happen to like suing, it could get messy). ... And after all of that, you might want to look into if the area's abnormally wet -- one of my friends had problems for years, and dug up his yard multiple times, trying to get everything fixed, redid his basement at least twice because of water damage. And it turned out that there was a broken water pipe next to his house that was saturating the lawn, so any significant rain couldn't be absorbed.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? "Will this improve the value of my home?": probably not from a purely resale value. Whereas updating your kitchen almost always has a great return on your investment, I am not so sure an electric fireplace in your living room would give you the same return. Some future buyers would see it as a benefit and others would not like it (kind of like the return you get on installing a swimming pool - it helps as much as it hurts). And also it depends on what it would do to the overall interior design/look and feel of the space in general. But keep in mind this is something your wife really wants to do so maybe it goes beyond the return on investment and then there are non-monetary benefits associated with its purchase and installation.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? You can start off with taking a 50/50 solution of bleach and water, then spraying the mold with it. Wait a few days. To prevent it in the future, when showering you should be using the bathroom fan to allow the hot air to be exhausted outside rather than condense on the walls and ceiling (which are made of drywall of course). They also make mold-inhibiting paint and mold-inhibiting drywall. Depending on your bathroom and funds, this may be a long term option. But bleach/water mixture will be your first step.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? Wash it off with some bleach and warm water. And then make sure you ventilate your bathroom well after taking a shower (or whenever the humidity levels in the bathroom increase).
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? Most home renovations usually don't get a full return on investment. Kitchens and bathrooms usually return the most value at resale. This article gives a good breakdown of common renos. As Eric says, what's it worth to your family? That's usually the driving force behind a renovation, and ROI is a pleasant side effect. (Unless you're trying to flip a house.)
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? First find out whether it is mold or not. What you do next depends on this. Assuming it is mold you need to do two things. Clean it off - disinfectant/bleach solution should do the job. Find out why it's forming. This is the important bit as if you just do the first step it will come back. The usual cause is condensation which in a bathroom means you have insufficient ventilation. So the ultimate cure is to fit an extractor fan above the bath to remove the steam. You can get ones that wire up to the light circuit and then "run on" after the light is switched off to provide additional ventilation. Once you've done this redecorate.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? Yup, probably mold. First you'll want to clean it up. A weak solution of water and bleach should do the trick. To make sure it stays gone, you'll want to make sure your bathroom is properly ventilated. If you don't have a vent fan, you'll want to install one. If you already have one, you'll want to make sure you use it. Hooking it up so it automatically turns on with the light is a good way of doing that. They also have a mold-preventative that you can add to paint (pretty sure home depot carries it). I would strongly recommend using that and repainting the ceiling. I've used it myself several times and it works very well.
Will running a dehumidifier near new concrete cause it to cure poorly? I have a new house with high humidity in the basement. Will running a dehumidifier constantly cause the new concrete to cure poorly?
Will running a dehumidifier near new concrete cause it to cure poorly? How new is this house? The concrete should cure within a few days. In fact, you probably wouldn't live in the house if the foundation wasn't cured properly.
Will running a dehumidifier near new concrete cause it to cure poorly? I seems to me that waxing the outside of the AC unit is only going to protect cosmetic appeal. If you're interested in keeping the unit looking nice from the outside, then it could help. Otherwise, I wouldn't put in the effort.
How wide should I make my game-room if I want to fit a "full-size" pool table in it? I'm starting to look at finishing my basement, and am playing with a couple different layouts. I definitely want to put a pool table down there - and later sell the house with this being one of the big selling points. Length shouldn't be an issue, but how wide does my room need to be to properly fit a full-size pool table and comfortably play on it?
How wide should I make my game-room if I want to fit a "full-size" pool table in it? I've got one in my bedroom, and I still don't regret buying it. It is kind of nice in the winter and the modern ones simulate the look of a real fire pretty well. Ultimately, it is just a fancy space-heater though. I really doubt it will affect your property values one way or the other unless you do some kind of permanent installation. Mine just sits along a wall and is plugged in. No major install needed (although there was some assembly required). In most cases, I've heard that there are almost no renovations you can do that yield a positive ROI especially if you don't plan to sell the home fairly quickly after the renovation. The exception to this rule is where you are fixing something. For example, cracks in the fascia or carpet from the stone age.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? My existing water heater is electric and is likely to need replacing soon. The heater is in a converted garage that I use as a guest room. As the house is piped for gas, I'm considering the purchase of a gas water heater to replace the electric one. Is there any hazard with a modern gas water heater being used near where people are sleeping? (I'm more concerned here with fumes than the possibility of explosion.)
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Nope, I wouldn't worry about it. The concrete should be more or less at full strength within 30 days of being laid, but it'll continue to cure over about a year or so.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? You need enough room to be able to properly line up and execute any shot. I would say you need at least 5 to 6ft "elbow room" around the table. A regulation sized pool table is 4.5'x9'. Source So your room needs to be 14.5' x 19' to 16.5' x 21' (which sounds very large).
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? At a minimum, you'll want 5 feet in every direction around the table to have enough room to use a full size stick. They do of course make short sticks for tight areas though. Not ideal, but it's an option if you don't have 15' or so to work with.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Here is another good source for sizing a room for various sized pool tables. This table (borrowed from that site) is a good rule of thumb when using full sized cue sticks.  Table Size        Minimum Room Size  Playing surface   3.5' x 7'         16' 8" x 13' 6"    39.5" x 79"   4' x 8'           17' 4" x 13' 11"   44" x 88"   4.25' x 8.5'      17' 9" x 14' 1"    46" x 92"   4.5' x 9'         18' 4" x 14' 6"    50" x 100"
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? In my opinion one of the critical flaws of most home automation systems is that they break the user interface which we've all grown up with. The person who puts the system in has, implicitly, chosen to break the UI but others have not made this choice: thus the stress. The best way to avoid this is to not break the user interface. Take lights, for example. The most common UI for lights is a switch on the wall. We're comfortable with that being abstracted to two+ switches in halls and rooms with multiple doors. For automation to be used yet the UI not be broken the automation must use a switch + electronic control. An example of this is a wall switch like this X10 one. The "wall wart" automation controls which fit between a lamp or appliance and the wall socket almost always break the expectations of users. These guys should be avoided: An exception is any use where there is not a natural switch, such as Christmas lights, a pump, humidifier, etc. For home theater I've had pretty good luck with universal remotes, but, in my experience, it takes a fairly expensive ($150+) to get a UI that is simple enough yet full featured enough. The Logitech Harmony remotes do a pretty good job at this: The bottom line seems to be "make user interface a priority and a key feature" when doing anything DIY, and especially home automation. And something that is a priority is something worth spending time and money on to get it right.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Pretty sure codes prevent using a gas appliance in a location where it will get it's combustion air from a bedroom. The reason for this is that if the heater is burning up all the oxygen in the room and it can't be replaced quickly enough through natural air flow through the house, you'd end up being asphyxiated in your sleep. I think there's an exception though if you use a direct-vent model that gets it's combustion air from the outside. So you would need to make sure whatever hot water heater you buy is rated for that kind of installation.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Just putting thermostatic valves on each radiator is the standard solution these days. However having zones will you set each zone to come on at a different time as well as giving them their own thermostat. You can do anything with a combination boiler that you can do with a system boiler of the same rating. You may not even need to add a 2nd pump if you design the system carefully. Remember last winter was very cold by UK standards, so it is not a good indication of ongoing gas usage.
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? We had toxic mold during the wintertime, which has been removed, by replacing the affected Sheetrock. However, my wife has often still the same symptoms she had at the time. Getting a contractor with the proper equipment out is very expensive. Are there any other cheap "household" tricks to be able to make at least a non-scientific test?
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? Duct board systems should not be cleaned. They will rip and send more junk into your air. However a metal duct system can be cleaned. If you use a good filter you should never need to.
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? Not only it will not cause damage, but also it helps the concrete to be more solid in less time: I used the same technique adjusting a very wet basement. The results were stunning (also the amount of water drained that I had to drop was so!).
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? Amazon carries home mold tests. I have no idea if these are any good, but they are pretty inexpensive:
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? Does the period of change of this air filter have an affect on the longevity of the heating and a/c system? What is a good rule of thumb to require replacement?
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? This will decrease your capacity and efficiency As stated http://www.ccacac.com/maintenance-tips/tips/maintenance-homeowners-can-do/ it talks about just weeds, and dirt much less a thick coat of wax. Keep your outside unit clean and free of debris and plants. Grass clippings and vines can clog the outside coil and restrict the airflow. This will decrease your capacity and efficiency. Make sure that bushes and shrubs do not grow too close to the unit and restrict the airflow. The air must be able to escape freely from the discharge of the unit. Any restriction in this area can cause the hot air to be recirculated back through the unit. This will make the unit work much harder and reduce the efficiency and capacity. Rinse the coil on the outside unit. This will clean the loose dirt, salt, and sand from the coil. Do not wash it with pressure, simply rinse it from the top down to let the dirt freely flow out. Washing it with pressure may pack the dirt into the center of the coil. Pressure should only be used from the inside out to push the dirt out the way it came in. Rinsing the coil should be done about once a month during the cooling season.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? The amount of oxygen consumed by a hot water heater is negligible. The risk of the gas heater sucking all the oxygen out of the room is zero. Now that does not mean that it's code to have it in a bedroom, but there is no safety issue from consumption of oxygen. The safety issue is on venting of the carbon monoxide (CO) from the hot water heater. In order to make the install safe, ensure that the new gas water heater is properly vented through the ceiling. There are lots of resources online about properly venting gas appliances. Here's a reasonable one to start with. Obviously since a gas hot water heater requires adding a vent, it's more expensive to install. You may find that an electric water heater still makes financial sense once you consider installation costs. As noted in the comments, be sure and get a CO detector for the room. These are relatively inexpensive and you can get them at your local hardware store or order through Amazon.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? It depends on the filter. Go to Lowes or Home Depot and they will have a chart with the different filter qualities and the recommended length of time they can be in service. In general, the cheapest filters that cost only a couple of bucks have to be replaced once a month. As you go up to more expensive filters, you can replace them every 3 or 6 months. I currently buy the ones that need to be replaced every 3 months.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? Dirty filters not only make the HVAC equipment not last as long, but the low air flow makes them less energy efficient. A dirty furnace does not conduct heat into the air as well and the dirt sticks to the fan blades making it not last as long or spin as easily. There are two main types of air filters: The 1" thick ones that look like this: And the 6" thick filters look like this: Generally the 1" filters are good for a month or two. The 6" thick ones are good for 6 months. There are also 2", 4", and 5" filters available but generally not at the local hardware store. Some folks who have 6" filters use a 2" + 4" filter and replace the 2" one every other month and the 4" once a year. This seems like a hassle to me, but it might save you $50 a year if you have 6" filters.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? The rule of thumb is every 3 months but it does depend on the filter and your air quality. And yes, if you don't keep the filter clean it will shorten the life of your unit and could cause other problems like a frozen coil (where the air handler coil freezes because there isn't enough airflow). I like to use the cheap air filters as they allow the best airflow. Some units are made for the better filters but those can cause more problems than the solve.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? I've got two ideas. The first is to use a chemical wall plug, but the second has a requirement. If you can drill through that wall, I suggest to put on the other side of the wall a metal plate (width, height and thickness are up to you that know how many Kilograms the shelf it supposed to get on itself), then make three holes in the shape of a triangle (with the single vertice facing the floor and the other two facing the roof) and use one screw thread for each hole.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? Never leave wire ends unprotected, even for a moment. It's too easy to get distracted and forget to replace a wire cap or crimp a connector. And once the junction box (or wall!) is closed up, it's too late, and some day later you cause an electrical fire.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? 1) The issues around curing concrete too quickly are where the concrete is thin and in direct sunlight (i.e. a sidewalk in the sun). The concrete in your basement has cured enough to be structurally sound. The rule of thumb I have heard is that concrete cures 85% in the first 7 days. 10% over the next 3 weeks and the remaining 5% over the next 20 years. 2) Even if the concrete had just been poured, you would not be able to make it dry too quickly with a home dehumidifier. Home humidifiers can only draw 30-100 pints (3.75 - 12.5) gallons a day and that would require you had it plumbed into a drain so you never had to stop it to empty it. Plus the moisture from the concrete just can't transfer to the air that quickly. If you have moisture in your basement that is resulting in high humidity the risk of mold should be your concern. Run a dehumidifier and measure moisture in each basement room. Move the dehumidifier around as needed.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? I know you've checked the door but here is how you know if the door is okay . . . disconnect the garage door opener and open the garage door half way. If it stays there then the garage door is balanced, otherwise there are problems. Sure, the motor could be burned out but if the door isn't balanced the replacement unit will burn out too! If the unit is old I would replace it. Lots of times it's not just the motor but the gears inside too.
Using a char coal BBQ, how far should I be away from the house? Are there any guidelines, rules anywhere?
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? I would like to have a small waterfall leading into a small pond in my garden. Due to the Westnile virus, it is essential here to prevent mosquitoes to nest. What can I do to prevent mosquitoes to be able to nest in it?
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? A couple options: Make it small enough that the waterfall will keep the water moving. Mosquitoes like standing water, but not moving water. Add some fish. Fish love to eat Mosquito larvae.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? It really depends on the material of your house and the height of the overhang. In one extreme, if you have a brick house with no overhang you can be almost right up against it. Vinyl siding and/or 9' overhang is the other extreme. You should probably not be within 10' of vinyl siding. Somewhere in the middle is wood siding which probably will not burn but you might get paint bubbling if you are within 3' As a general rule you don't want to be under a 1 story overhang which will hold heat and any sparks in.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? In addition to introducing predators like fish and dragonflies and moving water, many folks use Rabon blocks which are fed to livestock to prevent flies and mosquitoes from breeding in the animal waste. Rabon (tetrachlorvinphos) blocks are nontoxic to animals but cause the larva to not develop and thus interrupts the life cycle of mosquitoes and flies. You can break the Rabon up and sprinkle it in the water to help prevent mosquitoes from breeding. Rabon can be purchased at farm supply stores or via Amazon.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? Snake Light Stop holding a flashlight in your mouth.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? You may want to take a look at Mosquito Dunks: Kills mosquito larvae for 30 days! Mosquito Dunks have been used by professionals for more than a decade and have proven their value in destroying mosquitoes - by killing the larvae before they mature into biting adults. Made with Bt-israelensis (Bt-i), a highly specific biological pesticide, this product represent a major breakthrough for people and the environment when compared with the traditional toxic chemical approach to mosquito control. Will not harm people, pets, wildlife or fish. To learn more about Bt-i, click here for reference information from the Environmental Protection Agency. Easy To Use: Once a month place wherever water accumulates around your home - you'll be rid of mosquitoes for the whole season. Each Dunk will effectively treat up to 100 square feet of surface water regardless of depth. They may also be broken in half to treat smaller areas. Great for use in water gardens, flower pots, bird baths, rain gutters and decorative ponds!
Good low cost tools for woodwork I'm starting to get into some woodwork for building a desk for my home and I need to purchase some tools, but I'm not really sure of what to look for to determine if a tool is of good quality. I don't want superb top of the line tools as I won't be using them that often but I need something that will not hinder my work, and I definitely want something that will at least be good for a couple years (maybe). I'll probably be needing a power drill a circular saw a jig saw orbital sander or belt sander
Good low cost tools for woodwork My absolute favorite power drill I've bought is a Ryobi 12V cordless. They don't make the same model I have now, but the current "One+" series takes both the old 12V batteries that I have, and the newer lithium batteries (my brother has one of those - it can charge a battery in about 45 minutes!) One of the nice things about the drill, other than the fact that it was under $60, is the magnetic tray on the bottom - it's wonderful for holding bits as you change them in and out. I use my drill as a power screwdriver all the time, so having the tray to hold screws and the bit I use to pre-drill the hole is nice. The great thing about the cordless series is that you can get a bunch of different tools that all use the same batteries. I picked up mine at Home Depot.
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Is it enough to pour boiling water in their mount?
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Fire extingusher I have something similar to this Kiddie Single-use from Home Depot because of its ABC rating: Suitable for use on Class A (trash, wood, & paper), Class B (liquids & gases) and Class C fires (energized electrical equipment). The Full Home unit is fitted with a pressure gauge that provides at-a-glance status, is manufactured from lightwieght aluminum and a tough nylon valve assembly. Mult-Purpose Dry Chemical UL Listed / Rated 1-A, 10-B:C Suitable for use on most common fires Better to have it and not need it!
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Ant Control on Simple Pest Control has a huge list of ant control techniques (even mentioning your boiling water idea, which I'd never heard of - I'll have to try that!). It includes a lot about behavior control, ie, keep them from wanting in your house to begin with, to keeping them out of the areas you don't want them in, etc. The Biological Control section lists several natural ways of getting rid of ants: Make your own boric acid bait to kill ant colonies. Ant baits are the cornerstone of all ant control. Instead of spraying poisons everywhere, which can split colonies up and potentially make ant control more difficult, you bring the ant to the poison. The worker/foraging ants then take the poison back to the nest to share with larvae and queen. This is how colonies die, or are reduced to acceptable levels. Boric acid is a perfect ant poison. It’s cheap, natural, and much less dangerous (though not harmless) than commercial poisons. Best of all, when mixed correctly, boric acid is a slow ant killer – it allows ants time to bring it back to the nest in sufficient quantities for an ant apocalypse. Here are a few boric acid ant bait recipes: Mix three cups of water with one cup sugar and four teaspoons of boric acid (Borax). Pour around a cup of solution into separate jars. Pack the jars with cotton balls to about the halfway point. Seal the lid and poke a few holes at the center. Make a fun skull-and crossbones label and set the jars out in ant trails and hotspots. Some ants prefer protein and grease over sugar (little black ants, thief ants, pavement ants, big headed ants…). Replace the sugar in the above recipe with canned pet food. Or try this recipe: Mix four tablespoons of peanut butter with six tablespoons of honey and one teaspoon Borax. Use diatomaceous earth – the slow ant killer. Most ant species are susceptible to diatomaceous earth, a desiccant dust consisting of the fossilized shells of ancient algae. These shells are covered in microscopic shards which create cuts in the cuticle of crawling insects. The ants walk over the DE, start leaking, dehydrate, and die. You can apply DE as an ant barrier around the outside of your home or inside, around the perimeter of rooms and carpets (be sure it’s food grade). You can mix DE in water to make a paste to apply to trees. You can get proactive and dust nearby anthills. Using a duster, you can apply DE to the cracks, crevices, and wall voids, where it will remain effective forever. Capsaicin – a natural ant repellent. Chili pepper, black pepper, red pepper, ginger, and paprika all contain capsaicin and so can be used to repel ants. I’ve heard of people using it as a barrier around homes, but it is best used in gardens. You can apply these powders around the base of plants or in wide bands (5-6 inches) between rows. Citrus oils kill ants. Linalool and d-limonene - citrus peel extracts found in products like Orange Guard, Citra-Solve, Bugs’R’Done and Pro-Citra DL Aerosol – can be used for ant control in a variety of ways. They can be used as a direct kill spray, a repellent in gardens, as a drench for anthills and outdoor nests, or for treatment of cracks and crevices where ants are nesting indoors (may stain).
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? A Good Flashlight Regular and Small versions are good to have - I'm constantly looking for one when trying to fix something.
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Have you asked the mill if there is a way for you to remove their ink? Failing any useful response from them, you might want to try lemon juice. I know it's good for removing the stains from steel coming into contact with tannin and it might work.
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? We have a number of "slabs" that are just wider than a brick, which are set on top of walls in the garden. A number of them have come lose and I need to remove the cement mix that used to hold them down and set them again. What mix of cement and sand should I use, and are there other things I should mix in to ensure the mortar has a good "grip" on the stone that sits on top of the wall?
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? As others have pointed out, resale value of any particular feature depends on who you are selling to. In my mind seeing an electric fireplace would trigger the following thoughts: "Looks temporary and cheap. What other things did they skimp on? How much would it cost me to deal with these things down the road?". But obviously not everybody is like me -- other people might be thrilled to see this thing -- study your target demographic. Another important aspect is that making one's wife happy for
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? A good chisel is in any woodworker's toolbox.
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? 1-2 months for a 1" filter, and 6 months for a 6" filter is a good rule of thumb. However, that is for average conditions in an average home. You may want to check yours more frequently if you have any pets since fur will tend to dirty up the filter quicker, and reducing the filter's usable life. You can also compare a new one (or photo of a new one that you took before putting it in) with the current one to determine how "bad" or "dirty" the current one looks. If it looks bad, change it.
Why does my kitchen faucet cut out intermittently? Sometimes when I'm running water from my kitchen faucet, it will cut out for no apparent reason. It doesn't seem to matter if I'm running hot or cold water (or a mixture), but does seem to happen more often if I'm running the faucet fully open. I can usually fix it by closing and opening the faucet a couple of times. If that doesn't work, pulling the trigger on the -- separate -- pull-out spray nozzle often does it, and if that doesn't work, just turning it off and leaving it for a while will do it. What is causing this behavior and what can I do to prevent it from occurring in the future?
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? Recently I've seen someone miter the edge of a bathroom and closet door so it swings shut without hitting the door frame. I've never seen this before -- is it normal? Clarification: The edge that was mitered was the part that would swing into the door frame first due to the angle the door is at while closing it.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? I may be way off base here but have you tried removing the aerator on the faucet and letting it run on both hot and cold fully open (separately)? It's possible that the aerator could be clogging up and causing pressure buildup. If you do not have copper pipes then it's possible that the buildup would be caused by rusting or oxidization in the pipes. Full pressure should knock it loose I think.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? It shouldn't be necessary. Some times it might be useful: Your hinge plates aren't flush to the surface of the door or the frame. You have a build-up of paint on the door or frame causing the door to rub or stick. Some wood splinters easily if it's cut at a right-angle. Rounding the corners a little can help this.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? A Doweling jig can be useful. or a Pocket hole jig. And plenty of clamps (big ones, small ones, band clamps are nice). For power tools I find that Ryobi has decent tools for a good prices.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? Improper drainage can cause water to either enter directly into the house (between the slab and cinder block), or build up under the slab. The water can also be entering the cavity of the cinder block through a small crack, bringing soil and other debris along with it. When the water evaporates it is possible that it is carrying the odor with it, either up through the cinder block and into the house, or through another crack in the interior of the house. In a case like this you will most likely not see any signs of water in the house, but it could very well be whats causing the smell. Make sure the land around the house is properly graded away from the house, and possibly install a French drain especially if the land is graded towards the house. The drain can be used to divert water safely away from the house, and can usually be installed by a DoItYourselfer.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? I have seen outside units whose paint has faded and become chalky-looking after several years of service. I suppose waxing it might prevent or delay this, but I agree with Doresoom that the benefit is really going to be mainly cosmetic.
Gutter Installation Should gutters be placed above the garage door? I have a roof that peaks like a mountain (hip?). Most houses I see have gutters around the house but the roof above garage is largely ignored. I will be installing gutters soon on my house (it has none) and I am curious on what others have done. Roof ^^^ -+-+-+ Garage
Gutter Installation Gutters are for water management. If you have a paved drive and it drains well then you don't need gutters in front of the door. If water tends to flow back toward the garage when it runs off the roof then you should put a gutter in. Having a gutter will mean less splash on the bottom of your garage door which may help the door last longer. What others do with their gutters is fairly irrelevant to your situation.
Plugging a hole in the ceiling We had an electrician install a light in our ceiling. In the process he had to move the fitting about 10 centimeters which left a hole roughly three centimeters in diameter. He tried to pug it using filler which is a disaster. What's the best way for a hack like myself to plug this hole?
Plugging a hole in the ceiling For a 3cm hole, a lightweight compound should do the job. Patch it and paint it.
Plugging a hole in the ceiling Remove the metal brace if necessary and insert a small wood panel such that is overlaps enough on both sides. Then you can nail a small piece of Sheetrock in the size of the whole onto this wood panel that it is flush with the ceiling. Finally you can paint this in the same colour as the rest of the ceiling.
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? I have 1.5mm of white grout between rectified white tiles on my kitchen walls as a splashback (or backsplash in North America*) behind the sink and cooktop and I'm concerned about stains from food and mould. I've read on the web I'm supposed to seal the grout using a soak-in sealant in what sounds like a very time-consuming prcoess that has to be repeated every year, forever. Is there a more long-lasting way to do this? Surely just using that new "no-mould-for-five-years" white silicone sealant would be better than that? . . ((* this is hilarious - I'm imagining some dopey kitchen contractor who says it wrong migrating from the US to Australia or vice versa and everyone picking up the wrong term))
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? Quick clamps. about a million times better than these:
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? I fear there'll be no easy answer. Are your baseboards/skirting boards fixed to the wall above the flooring? If so you may be able to remove them and fix them slightly higher so the flooring can slide underneath.
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? Wheelchair access needn't be completely 100% level, it just can't have steps. It's feasible to use a door sill (such as this) to stop weather getting in under a door. It's also possible to have a narrow channel under the door, too, that takes rain and moisture off to the side.
How do I add a quiet blower or fan to a gas fireplace? I have beautiful fireplace in my family room, although it is gas rather than wood burning, and it vents strait outside. Due to the nature of how it is vented, I don't really get much heat from it, and I think I am losing a lot of the heat it could be generating during winter (and therefor wasting a lot of energy and increasing my cost.) After reading my fireplace manual, it appears that I can install a blower that can move heated air from around the exhaust back into the room. There were no instructions on how to do so, however. What would it take to install a blower into my fireplace, and where might I find a very quiet blower? The noise level is an important factor, as I've heard some fireplace blowers that are extremely noisy, and given the acoustics of the room, I worry it will drown out sound from the entertainment system.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I have some old skirting (I believe baseboard is the familiar term for most of you: the wood covering the join between my floor and walls). The floor tiler failed to tell us that it could easily be removed before tiling and re-done afterwards (and should be if you want it to look good, which is obviously the point of getting new tiles). So now I have a very expensive and nice tile floor that looks a bit cheap and shoddy because the edges are a bit messy and the skirting is old (and uneven in places), and I can't remove it because the tile is holding it in. How can I cover it up? I'm imagining there is a product out there somewhere which is sort of a trim for concealing smaller old trim like mine. Looks just like largish trim but is "hollow" underneath, like in this ascii-art diagram:  WALL : : : :-------IMAGINARY CONCEALING TRIM :\____ | :__  | | : |  | | :.|..|_|.........FLOOR   ^  |  OLD SKIRTING Does anything like this exist? Or any better solutions? Update: Quarter round has been mentioned, and that hides the bottom of the trim (skirting/baseboard), but I also need to hide the top (it's very uneven and clearly lower than in adjoining rooms).
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? Home improvement stores have grout sealers. I have used them in the kitchen and on the bathroom floors. Works well in both places. It is very easy to use. Just make sure the grout has set up and is dry.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? If you do this, make sure you don't get any wax on the coil! Doing so would hurt the unit's performance. As others have said, this is totally a cosmetic thing. It won't help the life of the unit much. When the unit needs to be replaced, it will be because the coil or compressor is busted (probably 15yrs from now), and you've decided it isn't worth repairing. It's not going to need replacement because the frame has some surface rust.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I had a similar issue when the electrician installing my fan had to install the fan box properly on a stud because the previous box was not on a stud. A hole about as large as yours was left. What you can do is take those wall patches that you purchase at Lowes or Home Depot and place it over the hole with some spackle to make it stick at first. After you have spackled and attached the patch, then spackle all over the patch to smooth it out. Let it dry, then sand, primer, and paint.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? The Trane unit has a special coat of paint that will make it look good for years and years, I doubt you will need to wax it. See Page 5 of the Trane informational packet:.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I think this is a problem easily solved by Quarter round. Actually I think this is why quarter round was invented. If the existing molding is small enough you could possibly cover it up, but it might look even worse if the original molding is too large because the cover would have to be bigger. If you want to cover the original molding you could get larger molding, and using a router hollow out part of it so the old molding fits inside. Then simply nail it on. Other than that you could always ask the tiler if he could fix the problem (at his own cost of course), because it sounds like he did not do a proper job. If you have not paid him, consider withholding the payment until the job is done properly.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I would contact the manufacturer of the fireplace; either by phone or on the web, they should have a blower designed for your fireplace. They may also provide instructions on hooking it up, or offer installation as a service.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? An answer to a question about squeaky floors recommended Squeeeeek No More screws. You screw them in until a certain depth and then break the head off, so the top wood is fixed to the bottom wood (it probably won't work with a concrete floor, like we usually have here in Europe), without a visible screw head (you fill the small hole with wood filler). I don't know whether it works with laminate flooring, and whether you can get it in New Zealand, but you can always ask them. This will of course remove the freedom of the movement of the wood, I don't know whether that is a good idea or not.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? Water is a very damaging force, over time it could cause a rut or divots in the driveway. Putting up a gutter will prevent this, for the cost of the gutter it is worth it. If the roof slopes down to the garage door put a gutter, if not you don't need one. The only reason you would need one is if the rain water is draining off the roof onto the driveway in front of the garage door.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I'm surprised no one has mentioned them but I think a good set of chisels are invaluable. Any time you're working with wood, a sharp set of chisels can be the key to getting a good fit and finish.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I'm assuming you're talking about the condensing unit sitting outside? I'd say you'll wear out the unit long before the frame becomes damaged enough to affect it's function.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? A decent quarter-sheet, general purpose palm sander. Especially one with decent fastening capabilities.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor In a world where every guy with a truck full of tools is a "contractor", how do you weed out the good from the bad?
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor I typically ask around at work for referrals - we have a junk mail board that's a great place for posts like that. You could also look at the Better Business Bureau for your area, or look at a site like Angie's List. You could also ask the contractor for references.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor Ask to see some of their work and talk to previous clients. The good ones will put you in touch with previous clients straight away. The bad ones will prevaricate. Don't employ the ones that come round touting for business. If they have the time to drive around looking for "damaged" roofs, driveways in need of repair etc. then they can't be that good. Having a full schedule is usually a good sign.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor Talk to at least 2. Every contractor does things differently. Each will bring up concerns and ideas that others do not. You will learn a lot from these conversations that will help you make a good decision.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor You only need to do this if you've incorrectly mounted the hinge. The better solution would be to remount the hinges so you don't have to do this.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? What are the recommended settings for an air conditioning unit that is dual-zone? Meaning, if I have a house that is two stories I know that in Florida they recommend you keep it at 78 F in the summer and 69 in the winter, but the top half of the house will always get hotter (and colder in the winter). So what are the recommended settings for a house in a configuration like this that achieve the best of comfort and energy savings?
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? It looks like you're using untreated dimensional lumber for your deck. If you want that to last you really need to paint it. That would get rid of the stamps. Untreated fir like that really doesn't like to be outdoors. Even with a deck sealer you're not going to get the life out of it that you'll be happy with I think. Especially if it's uncovered as most decks are.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? Grout sealer would be the obvious way to do it, but another way would be to have the tile reglazed. As a side effect of reglazing the tile, the grout is glazed over as well, making it much easier to clean. It would be more expensive of course to have that done, but it would give you the option to change the color of the tile as well if you wanted to.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? A few ideas: Ask for references. This can work nice, but since the contractor can choose which references to give you, doesn't always give an accurate picture. If they are in a regulated trade (electrician, plumber, builder, etc.) ask your local city code inspector. They know all the contractors and know which ones do good work and which ones do just enough to pass inspection. Check with your local building/plumbing/electrical supply stores. They know the contractors and which ones are good or bad.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? There are a number of good ideas already given, I would add to check their license. I know Florida keeps a nice online presence http://www.myflorida.com/licensee/
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? I have a patio that's made of bricks with fine sand filling the gaps. This is turning out to be a maintenance hassle. Every time the kid or dog gets mud or crud on the patio I hose it off and manage to blow more and more sand out of the cracks. Is there a way to seal the seams between the bricks or use something more sticky than sand... like a fine grout? I like the look just fine, but it appears that I'm going to be spending a lot more time than I desire on maintenance of my patio.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? What you are looking for is a joint sand stabilizing sealer. That should prevent washout as well as weed growth in the joints.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? You could mix up a fine sand & cement mixture brush that into the gaps then water the patio to turn that into mortar in place. You'd need to make sure the patio was clean first, and don't use too much water. Though this would be a fairly permanent solution.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? Depending on the layout, you might be able to fix this without taking up any of the flooring. Here in the US at least, laminate flooring is usually installed in a floating manner, where the individual laminate boards are not attached to the subfloor at all and the entire floor is free to expand and contract (assuming it's not bound up at the edges). The expansion gap around the perimeter of the room is hidden under a baseboard and some variety of quarter-round or shoe molding. If your floor is buckling because its expansion gap isn't big enough, you should be able to remove that shoe molding and baseboard and cut the edges to increase the gap without pulling up the flooring. I'd recommend an oscillating multifunction tool for this as it will let you cut very close to the wall, unlike a circular saw. Here's a cheap one from Harbor Freight.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? In the US, check their status with the Better Business Bureau. Also, if you hire contractors frequently, you should probably look into subscribing to Angie's List, which crowdsources customer reviews of contractors and other service providers.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? This may be necessary to repair an old door and frame where age may have been a factor in reducing clearances.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? What color is the dust that comes off when you drill? If it's just white, you could be just drilling into the plaster instead of the actual solid material underneath. Try drilling deeper holes and see if you hit a more solid surface.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? If you're doing a job that creates a lot of dust, it's really worth tarping off the doorways to limit exposure. After doing a floor sanding project, for the next few months my laser printer smelt like a fireplace every time I printed something.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? I believe this was pretty standard practice when interior doors were solid wood. My last house was 100 years old, and every interior door had an angle on the edge the way you describe. Was the guy you saw doing it an old-timer? I think the practice has advantages. It allows you to get a smaller reveal between the door and frame, which might look better. It also lets you even up the reveal without resorting to shimming the hinges. And when the house shifts and the door starts to rub it's much easier to remove the offending bit since you're planing off a bit of an arris rather than a whole flat edge.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? patching a hole in the ceiling is the same as patching one in the wall (only your arms usually get more tired from being above your head), see this question
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? Sledge Hammer When a normal hammer just won't do.
re-using wood from a concrete form? I strive to not waste materials wherever possible, and "use once then discard" methods are particularily irksome. So with this mind, what suggestions do you have for enabling re-use of lumber used for concrete forms?
re-using wood from a concrete form? If you use it for a form again no problem . . . otherwise, the remnants of the concrete on the wood will damage your power tools.
What can I do to fix the dispenser in the front of my fridge? My ice maker works (so the fridge is connected to water) but when I try to get water or ice from the door on the fridge nothing happens. Is there a fuse or something that could be blown? I know there is a switch that turns it off when the door is open but how do I take that apart? There are no visible screws or anything. I don't want to call someone out as it'll probably cost over $200 just to get someone to come over and that's 20% of the cost of the fridge in the first place!
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Only during summer and only when the sun is close to the horizon the light from the sun confuses my garage door opener and in order to close the door I have to hold down the wired button which is a real pain if I'm leaving. A friend suggested I use toilet paper rolls (or maybe some PVC) to shield the sensor from the sun and direct the beam to the other sensor and that's a good idea but it'll mean I have to change how the sensors are mounted to the track and move them out a bit. Just moving them back might solve the problem (since they'll be blocked by the walls). Any other suggestions? Is this a common problem?
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? The number of uses a carpenter's square has are almost as many as the uses for the common screwdriver. See also: http://zo-d.com/stuff/how-do-i/how-to-use-the-swanson-speed-square-as-a-framing-square.html
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? I found this graph : Temperature Settings
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? You probably only have to shield the sensor just enough to put a shadow over it (and not let the sun hit it directly). I would think a small piece of cardboard taped to the side or top (or both) of the sensor that is getting hit with the sun should do it. Another way would be to block the sun from outside of the garage by maybe planting a shrub (test it out by putting your garbage can in line to block the sun when it is low in the sky and see if it works).
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Find out the payment terms. If they want all or most up-front, it is generally a bad sign.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Get a long and sturdy metal level. Clamp it to plywood and use it as a straightedge for your circular saw.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? It is not particularly water conscious, but you could open up another hot water tap or two to move the cold water out of the pipes more quickly.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? I would save it to re-use as a form, or for bracing, or other one-off uses.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Have you checked the manual for your fridge? At the very least it might have disassembly instructions, maybe fuse locations (if any), and possibly some troubleshooting for the front dispenser.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? When you push the levers in to dispense water/ice, do you hear the motor running (but nothing comes out)? If so, then it's probably a supply problem (iced up line, etc). If not, then it's likely an electrical problem. Most likely a fuse or a bad relay. To get into the unit, you would (usually) need to remove the whole plastic panel on the inside of the door. The screws are usually hidden underneath the seal that runs around the edge of the door. Your user manual might have some useful information as well.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? What a pain that must be. Could you raise or lower the sensors a few inches up or down to make it less inline with the sun? I agree with Jeff, all you need is just enough to make a shadow. Really not much else you can do, other than disable the sensors which would obviously dangerous and not recommended.
Are High End Furnace Filters worth the cost? There are many levels of furnace filters. I can get cheap ones at walmart of a few bucks. Then there are ones that cost upwards of $30. I realize that if you have allergies or low immune systems, these are probably worth it. Also if you have pets they may help. But for average folks, with no medical needs, are they worth the cost?
Are High End Furnace Filters worth the cost? @Eric's list is great. I'd add a few more: Ask what they do to keep up with developments in their trade. Most will give you a blank look but some will be incredibly excited to tell you about the latest issue of FHB or Journal of Light Construction. More of a negative thing, but if anybody "helps" you by telling you how to get around permits, etc., then move on to the next candidate. Look at the condition of their tools and vehicles. The don't have to be new, obviously, but I've found that respect for tools goes hand-in-hand with good work.
How to get discount prices for replacement parts I inherited an old fridge a while back that had a broken ice maker. I never had an ice maker before I so started to look into fixing it. I found a parts store and bought a new one for $100 and installed it myself . . . it was surprising easy. I thought I was king of the DIY world until recently I found out that I could buy a new fan motor for my AC unit for $150 but if a "professional" went to the same supplier he could buy the fan for less than $50. Now I'm starting to think that the $100 ice maker repair from 5 years ago would cost less then $30 if I went to the store in overalls or something. And don't get me started on the price of a capacitor for an AC unit . . . they'll charge you $200 to install a part that they list on the invoice as $140 and $60 for a service call . . . but it's a freaking capacitor! $10 tops. How can I get the same price the pros get?
How to get discount prices for replacement parts The problem with the really cheap filters is that you really should replace them monthly. The slightly more expensive filters often only need to be replaced every 3 months or so, which in reality doesn't actually make them that much more expensive. I usually go with the cheapest 3 month filters, since I know I'm not going to get down there every month to replace the super cheap ones. Aside from that consideration and the ones you already mentioned, there's no need to spend lots of money on a top of the line filter. They aren't going to make your furnace last any longer.
Caulking for deck frame To seal the seam between a doubled joist or beam, what type of caulking is best? The Home Depot Decks 123 book recommends Alex Plus (acrylic latex plus silicone) while a guy at Home Depot suggested Mono Ultra Exterior (latex). How about Blueskin? I initially used Alex Plus, it rained before the caulk cured, the caulk became a shriveled and cracked mess, I scraped it and replaced it with Mono Ultra Exterior.
Caulking for deck frame You could swap the emitter and detector units so that the emitter is on the sunlit side. It doesn't matter if the emitter is being blasted by sunlight; only the detector needs to be protected. Of course you might just be changing the time of day of your problem if the other side of the door is sunlit at a different time. :) Don't forget to swap the wiring at the opener unit as well of course.
How do I run wires for a wall-mount flatscreen TV? Like a lot of you, we have several wall-mounted LCD HDTVs in the house. The TVs have two wires -- power and HDMI -- running down the wall to the power outlet and cable box. I've historically been too timid to try to run the wiring inside the drywall and too cheap to pay someone to do it... and I'm hoping diy.stackexchange.com can come to the rescue. What is the easiest and least-destrictive way to run cables from behind the TV (about 4-6 feet high, depending) to the electrical junction boxes on the floor (usually about 3-4 inches high). Solutions that are too hard/destructive for me: Removing and then patching large swaths of drywall. I would like to keep any drywall holes to a size that can be repaired with a small drywall patch kit. Installing an electrical junction box behind the TV. I'm not an electrician and this scares me. Also, it doesn't help with the HDMI table. Is this possible for a novice DIYer, or do I need to call in a professional?
How do I run wires for a wall-mount flatscreen TV? Placing a tube around the sensor/emitter might work, but it sounds like that would easily break if kicked or struck by something passing by. Perhaps a polarized filter for a camera would be taped or somehow fixed to the unit. Amazon has this one for $11.99.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? Many houses in my neighborhood are about 5 years old and are experiencing similar problems with their gutters. The nails holding them up are pulling out little by little. A couple homeowners had their fall off. I took and look at mine and saw a few nails sticking out. What's the correct way to fix this? Just hammer them back in and hope for the best? Fill hole with adhesive (Liquid Nails?) and hammer back in? Hammer in a different kind of nail?
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? The really really easy way to do this is to use trunking: this is plastic square conduit, with a lid on the fourth side. Some makes are even self-adhesive: take off the lid, place the trunking on the wall where you want it, slip the wires inside, replace the lid, job done. For example: Amazon do this.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? They make special Gutter hangers. They also make Gutter screws. These might be a better option if the nails simply won't hold.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? While Jeremy's answer about the Wiremold products is a good one, for aesthetics I'd recommend the same manufacturer's CordMate product. I've used both types, but in the house where people can see it, I prefer the look of the CordMate. The only drawback is that you can usually only run one cord through one CordMate (though two pairs of speaker wires will fit in one.) For instance, I've run two CordMate channels side by side down the wall from our wall-mount TV; one for power and one for the cable connection. I painted the CordMates when I recently repainted that wall, and they look good -- I think they're less noticable that the big Wiremold channels. I've also used a CordMate at work to hide the Ethernet cable that runs down my office wall -- even unpainted, it's hardly noticeable.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? @Jeremy has a good solution, but if you're willing to do a little more work, there is a little better-looking answer. Since you're running an HDMI cable, I assume you have some kind of small stand/table in front of the outlet that your cable box sits in or on. With a drywall knife, punch out a hole behind the TV and install a plastic "old-work" 1-gang box. Don't worry, we're not going to install electrics here; just a plastic box that has a couple of "ears" on it so it can slide into existing drywall. Do the same thing at the bottom of the wall, above your electrical outlet. You can now run the cables easily through the wall without patching any drywall. If everything's laid out correctly, both will be hidden (one by the TV, one by the stand/table that holds your cable box).
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? If the nails are loose and pull out easily, just pounding them back in won't help much. The best way to fix any kind of nail/screw hole where the screw or nail won't grip any more is like this: Remove the screw/nail. Take some toothpicks and dip them in wood glue (e.g. tightbond). Stuff as many toothpicks into the hole as you can, snapping them off flush with the hole. Put the nail/screw back in (while the glue is still wet). I find myself doing this most for loose door hinges, but it works for pretty much anything. Once the glue dries, the result is better than new.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? I can understand being concerned with running electrical, but low voltage is a snap, as you don't have to install boxes in the walls. You can get the necessary equipment to install low-voltage wall plates at most home improvement stores. You'll need the wall plate, the correct inserts for it (they make 'em for F connectors (cable TV), RJ45 (twisted pair ethernet), RJ11 (phone), RCA plugs, and some can take extra wide inserts for HDMI, blanks to fill in any holes you won't be using, and a wall insert thing (not sure what it's officially called; it goes into the wall cavity to give you something to screw the wall plate down to. You hold the insert where you want it (which is anywhere there isn't a stud, pipes, or electrial), trace it on the wall, then cut out with a drywall saw. Afix the insert. You can then fish the lines through the wall cavity. As we're not trying to go horizontal, you can just use a decent sized nut tied to the end of a piece of string. Dangle it down, and grab it when it's at the lower hole. If you're trying to get it into a very small lower hole, or it's not exactly lined up with the other one and your hands aren't small enough, bend a wire coat hanger into a hook to grab the string. (note -- you want the string more than 2x the length you're going ... so you use one hand to wiggle the string if needed, while catching it with the other one. Once you have the string fished through, tie the top end to something (you can temporarily place a bolt for the face plate into the wall insert, and tie off to that). Remove the nut from the lower end and tie it onto the cables you're fishing. Pull the string to bring the cables up. Attach the cables to the inside of the prepared faceplate. Bolt the faceplate to the wall. Do whatever you need to do to terminate the stuff down below, and you're done. ... Electrical is similar, but you have to put boxes in the wall which need to be attached to studs, so you have to plan your holes better. Fishing is more difficult, as you're trying to get it into one of the holes punched out of the box. (and I guess it's possible that there might be permit/inspection issues ... I'm not an electrician)
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? If you want to go the glue route, I'd recommend Gorilla Glue - it's water-activated, and intensely-difficult to get rid of once dispensed. I'd also think about switch to screws if you could, a la Tester101's suggestion.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? Maybe I'm just sloppy, but I've never bothered to caulk the seam on a doubled up joist with treated wood. There was one time I felt I needed to worry about that, but that was with a cantilevered deck using untreated wood. In that case I just used aluminum flashing over the top of the joists. I suppose if I were going to caulk it though, I would use a silicone caulk over a latex caulk since they generally adhere and hold up to water better (cleanup is messier, but it's a deck, so it probably doesn't matter).
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? You will probably never get the same prices as a professional as you don't buy as much as they do. However, you can always try to hackle the price down. It's amazing how much you can save when you use some time. You should find the right places though, the all organized places with big catalogs is usually a hard place to get discounts.
How can I clean out my gutters while still on the ground? My roof is taller than I'm comfortable getting on a ladder. I've got a couple weeds/trees starting to grow in them. Is there a tool that would somehow let me scrape or use water-pressure to clean the gutters?
How can I repair the cool deck around the pool? In places around the pool the cool deck has flaked off and I can see the bare concrete. The previous owner tried to patch it in places but it looks horrible because the texture AND color don't match. Is there some kind of cool deck spary texture, like the kind of texture you can get for drywall? Also, can I paint all of the cool deck and will it last more than a year?
How do I fix stucco that is falling off of the walls? I have slump block walls that were covered in stucco at some point and now in places it's falling off. I know I need to power wash the wall and then use some kind of bonding agent so the new stucco will stick to the old wall but how do I apply the stucco? I feel like going from the skip trowel stucco look to the adobe look but that's a lot of walls to cover just to avoid learning how to do it the skip trowel way. Suggestions?
How do I fix stucco that is falling off of the walls? The valve that diverts the water to the spray nozzle may be (partially) clogged or defective. Or the valve on your spray nozzle.
How do I fix stucco that is falling off of the walls? A hack saw.
What is the best quick repair for a drain pipe? In particular, a cast iron drain pipe. It doesn't have to be pretty, but needs to be effective and should last until it can be fixed properly.
Radiators need bleeding regularly (at least once a fortnight) - why? Last winter, our radiators regularly lost their heat and consequently needed bleeding frequently. I couldn't see any obvious leak. What could be causing this and what should I check for?
What's a good way of detecting drafts? In particular, I'm trying to insulate my loft. I'm not keen on the idea of taking a naked flame up there!
Where should my furnace filter go in a Lennox G40UHX series furnace? I have a Lennox G40UH(X) series furnace, which is installed in our attic (We have a single-story house on a slab). Because the furnace is installed in the attic, it is "laying down" on its side, and the incoming air is piped into what would be the bottom of the unit if it was standing up. We have intake vents in almost every room of the house (small vents, about 12" long by 8" tall). These vents go up to the attic, and they're all routed into a big metal box which is appears to be welded to the bottom of the furnace. Because this is kind of hard to imagine, I mocked up a little image of my setup (this isn't my actual furnace, just a similar picture I found on Google): I have flexible ducts leading to the cold air intake "box" that is welded to the bottom of the furnace, and round flexible ducts leading from the hot air "box" to all of our vents (which are in the ceiling). The problem I am having is that I can't see where to install a filter! I can remove the front panel and see the bottom motor, but there's no where to actually put a filter. According to the User's Information Manual: This unit is not equipped with a filter or rack. A field-provided high-velocity filter is required for the unit to operate properly. A filter must be in place whenever the unit is operating I don't have any idea what a "field-provided filter" is. When we bought the house, there were a few destroyed filters in the attic next to the furnace (all of different sizes, a few cut to different sizes, but no filter in the furnace. It looks like the previous owners had no idea either. So, for now, we've just been running the furnace without any filter. Is there something I can do to put a filter in? Is it really harmful to run the furnace without one? Should I look into putting filters in all of my little air intakes around the house? Update: As is usually the case with me, I put off worrying about the furnace until it started getting too cold here at night. I finally climbed up to the attic and took a good look at the furnace. There isn't any indication of where a filter should go, and no slot to slide it in or bar to hold it in place. This is the air intake area - you can see the circulating fan on the right, behind the control board: I put the filter along the bottom - a 14x25x1 fit snug across the whole side (bottom if it was standing up). I had to fold and bend the filter some to get it inside the furnace. The only thing that seems to hold it in place is the body of the circulating fan:
Fitting glass fibre loft insulation - recommended eye protection I've tried various goggles (some with more ventilation than others) and resorted to swimming goggles, but they all steam up after 60 seconds at the most. Maybe I sweat too much(!), but whatever I try doesn't seem to be very effective (i.e. licking the lenses, rubbing with a potato, etc.)
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Forgive me I'm a newb. We have become the proud owners of a new deck. One of the features that we thought was great was that the boards are installed fairly snugly and diagonally nailed into joists like hardwood flooring. However, I'm used to seeing decking installed with screws nailed into joists from the top. Is the method my contractor chose normal? Will boards be popping up on me in the years ahead? Edit I'll add that there is some spacing between boards, just not as much as I am used to seeing. Maybe on the order of a 1/8 inch spacing.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Usually the filter is mounted between all the return ducting and the furnace itself - potentially it is installed at a strange angle or covered up with tape or something. Here is a picture of mine, it's the darker colored piece the duct is attached to, with foil tape sealing it to the furnace housing.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? You can have a blower-door test done (or rent a blower and do it yourself). Basically you close all your doors/windows, and then stick a big fan in your doorway (sealed), then have it blow air outside. It creates negative pressure inside your house, amplifying any air leaks. I had this done as part of an energy audit (and when it was fairly cold outside), and just walked around using my hand to feel for any leaks (they are pretty obvious, because it is like a jet of cold air shooting in).
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? The iRobot Looj may help you - it is a gutter-cleaning robot. I've never tried one, but I do have a Roomba (which I can attest works quite well) and these are the guys that make military/bomb squad robots. You still have to get on a ladder to get it in, of course, but you don't actually have to climb onto the roof.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? You may want to look at something like the Gutter Cleaning Wand: You don't need to hire a professional to clean out your clogged rain gutters. Attach the Gutter Cleaner Wand to any standard garden hose, and you'll be able to clear out those debris-filled rain gutters yourself. This heavy-duty hose attachment has a telescoping wand that extends from 41.5 inches to 68.5 inches to get to those hard-to-reach spots along your roof. Rain gutter cleaner attaches to any standard garden hose Spray nozzle directs water flow to blast away debris Gutter cleaning device extends to 68.5 inches to aid in reaching remote areas
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? An IR Thermometer could be useful, and they are getting rather cheap. A Thermal camera would be great, but they cost a couple thousand dollars.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? I found that when it comes to decks, you're always going to have boards popping up if you're using nails. The fact is that screws form a much much better bond and are much harder to come loose than nails. In fact, I just helped my brother in law redo his deck with screws instead of nails because of boards sticking up. Some contractors use nails because it is faster and cheaper than doing the same with screws, and it'll be a few years before the owner has to redo anything. When it comes time to repair, use screws.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Temporary fix: You can tightly wrap a rubber band around the pipe. Since there is no pressure in the drain pipes, that will work just fine, unless the pipe gets clogged and filled up with sewage (and even in this case the pressures would be small enough for such a fix to work). My parents' apartment has a cracked cast iron kitchen drainage pipe. The rubber band was placed there more than 20 years ago: still works. You shouldn't probably try to beat this record :)
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Just call or e-mail them and ask for a better price. More often than not you'll get a discount. Works on appliances, materials, parts and everything else. Exception: big chain stores. My better half does this for most of the things we buy for the house. Maybe her voice plays a role here -- hard to say :)
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? I'm going to assume that your decking isn't standard 5/4 (1" thick) treated pine, because it would be impossible to nail it down that way -- hardwood flooring planks are nailed along one edge, but the other edge is held down by a tongue and groove joint between it and the previous course of flooring planks. Simply nailing each course of standard (non tongue & groove) deck boards as you describe would leave the "trailing" edge of each board completely unsupported. So I'm guessing that what you have is a composite deck or one made of an exotic wood, where there's either a tongue & groove between each board, or each board is grooved to accept an hidden fastener. Either way your deck should have a longer, more trouble-free life than a standard deck that's face-nailed.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I have an office in the garage that is a standard room with insulation and an AC unit (8500 BTU AC in a 9' 3" tall room, 5" 4' wide). The room gets rather hot and I found the issue to be with the door and the hot air coming in from it. What is the best method to stop the heat from entering through the door but still leaving the opening and closing of the door functional? facts: 1. Wood door (32 inches) 2. Clearance on bottom between ground and door, ~ 3/4" 3. slight space between top of door and door framing, ~ 1/8" update: I found a fantastic tutorial that helps to solve this issue at http://www.familyhandyman.com/DIY-Projects/Saving-Money/Energy-Efficiency/weatherstripping-doors/Step-By-Step
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg They make a spray for Hockey visors that prevents them from fogging up; I have never tried it on goggles, but it should work on goggles too. It always kept my visor fog free, and I was always hot and sweaty playing hockey. You should be able to find it at your local sporting goods store. Actually I can't believe I have never tried this, I'm going to spray my safety glasses right now.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg You could try one of these Twin draft guards for the bottom of the door. Some Weather strip tape might work for the top.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I would not build a deck that way for a couple of reasons. First, decks should have some space between the boards for drainage. Otherwise water pools, accelerates rotting of the wood and makes the deck slippery. Second is expansion. Given that outdoor boards are alternately soaked and baked, there is significant shrinking and expanding of the boards (another reason for gaps). That will be most pronounced in the width of the board versus the thickness. As the board expands it pulls out the nail. If the nail is pounded into the edge it will pull out more since there is more expansion in that direction compared to a vertical nail. Screws don't pull out at all, and that's their principle advantage and why I always screw down deckboards. Nails are preferred by many, but I haven't seen them nailed into the edge, and I think it's for good reason. Edit: if it's a composite as others have suggested, everything I just wrote is a waste of pixels. Unread it. Edit 2: Turns out that this product is PVC plastic, and uses a HIDfast hidden fastening system Fastener System, Azek decking product installation videos. The product is also tongue and groove. Sounds like the contractor did a good job.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I had this issue too. Bled the system once myself, twice with professional plumbers who kept telling me that i didn't do it correctly. Cost me an arm and a leg. The worst part was when i asked a "plumber with 25 years of experience" where the air is coming from he couldn't explain it. Some people were saying it's because i have an old type of expansion tank with the air, others were saying that the water from the city comes with some air. What solved it is installing "Spirovent Air Eliminator". Not a sound this winter and i could finally sleep without hearing a waterfall. P.S. Got a few more opinions on this forum
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I used to buy my appliance parts at Amre Supply, and never bought anywhere else, so this is only one data point. But one time I was flirting with the checkout girl and she said "you know, if you make a business account you'll get about a 40% discount on nearly everything". All it took was an online application and a business card, which I had for my computer software business. I just checked the "other" box on the "what kind of business" question. After that, I just identified by business name and got the discount. And lest you think it was my James Bond Socializing Skills that got me a business account, I just printed the application online and brought it in, about a month later, where it was handled by a 67 year old retired plumber. So maybe you just need to pick one place and ask if they have business accounts. Ya never know.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I don't know if this is common or not, but in our current house and our previous house, the filter is in the return vent inside the house. The vent grate has two little latches that allow it to swing out of the way, revealing the filter. To check if yours is like this, just look for the latches and/or look through the vent slots and see if you see a filter. Edit: I should have read your post a little more carefully, I didn't notice you mentioned "all my little air intakes." So clearly you don't have just one return vent that could be housing a filter. At any rate, if a filter were present it would have to be between the return box at the left of your diagram and the unit itself. The installer should have built a gap in there to accept a filter, just like in gregmac's photo (but preferably this would be a slot rather than needing to be taped in!). If you're not seeing something like this I'd recommend modifying it, or having someone do it if you're not comfortable doing it.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I've never had much luck with goggles. I just use the regular safety glasses that look like sunglasses. Should provide enough eye protection for doing fiberglass insulation anyways.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg Depending on how and where it broke it going to affect what you can use. I'm going to assume you're not looking for a suggestion of duct tape. For long straight sections, where I had to cut a pipe, I've used rubber pipe connectors. You just slip it on one side of the break, align the pipes, and slip it over the break and tighten down the hose clamps. There also exist pipe wraps that harden to do temporary repairs, that you can find in most hardware stores, but I've never used it. I've used epoxy putty when I had a leak right at a coupling, so I wasn't able to get wrap something tightly right where it was. You just knead it together, press it into the leak, and wait for it to set up.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg Monoprice has a complete kit that will allow you to cut two holes in the drywall, and then get power and also run your signal cables vertically. I believe you need to install an 'old work' (aka 'retrofit') box for the power side, but that is pretty straight forward. Once you cut the holes, these things fit in, and have wings that tighten down onto the drywall.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg This depends on how patient you are. My personal experience with plaster and stucco is that this is definitely one of those jobs best left to a professional: they'll cover in an hour what a beginner would take two days for.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg In the UK, it's not legal (quite correctly, in my view) for householders to work on gas pipework or fittings at all. If a buildings inspector or surveyor spots pushfit fittings on gas you can expect plenty of trouble down the line... to say nothing of the risk of a pinhole leak or if there's another fire nearby that melts the fitting. While you might save a few pounds in the short term, do you want to risk your life and that of those around you? A leaky joint in a water pipe might wreck a ceiling or a floor, the same in a gas pipe might kill you. Head here for details of the Gas Safety scheme which holds a register of tradespeople who can do the work for you.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg Preparation is all important for this kind of work. You need to make sure you remove all of the loose stucco because if you don't it will affect the finish and durability of the repair. My approach would be to use a wide cold chisel and lump hammer to go beyond the loose areas into the area that's still sound a little way. If you get a good stable surface then there shouldn't be a problem getting the stucco to stick. One point to consider - if you call a professional they'll have all the right tools and the experience, whereas this will be a learning experience for you and to do a good job you might end up spending almost as much on the tools (though they can be hired).
How do I safely and cleanly remove sealant from a plastic bath? I really need to replace the sealant around the bath, but I want to do a good job of removing the old stuff first. The bath is a plastic one, and the walls are tiled. What's the best way to get the old stuff off without leaving any residue or damage, so that fresh sealant can be applied?
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I am looking to hang some blinds over the window on my front door. Is ok to screw the mounting hardware directly into the door?
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? You might have to resort to good old fashioned elbow grease. The sealant should come off the tiles the easiest, both mechanically by scraping with a plastic edge - the flat edge of an adhesive spreader should be suitable, and if necessary chemically (though I'm not 100% certain what you can use) as the glazed surface will hard to damage. The plastic bath might cause more problems. I'd start with rubbing or scraping with the plastic edge - but take a lot more care. Chemicals are more likely to damage the surface too. You could try using a plastic safe cleaner.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Should be fine, just be careful not to poke a dent in the exterior skin when you pre-drill.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I'd use self tapping screws with a very small pilot hole.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Note that by code you're not allowed to run a device power cord behind the drywall. So if you want to stay in code (and there are many good reasons for doing so), then your two options are going to be either 1) conceal these cables on the outside of the wall using a surface-mount conduit as suggested by Jeremy McGee and Gordon Brandly, or 2) install a power outlet in a standard (non low-voltage) old-work box behind the TV. Personally I like gregmac's solution -- you'd still need to install two standard boxes and run a bit of romex up the wall, but you don't need to run it across the wall and tie it in to an existing outlet for power. The electrical skill needed for this would be similar to replacing a light fixture -- a couple of wire nuts and a couple of screw terminals. You can do it! The extension cord will look a little funny running from one outlet to another on your wall, but hopefully that'll be concealed by whatever furniture you have below.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I bought a kit similar to this one, and it worked rather well for both removing the old caulk and reapplying the new. It's plastic, so you shouldn't have to worry about scratching anything up with it.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Sounds like the unit doesn't hold the filter. It must be custom installed right between the return duct and the unit. You'd think the hvac guy would leave some kind of access panel. Mine is just like @gregmac's picture, except I can get at the filter on the opposite side via the blower access panel. Your going to circulate a lot of dust without a filter.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? It's definitely not a problem. As @ChrisF mentioned, the best way is to drill a small pilot hole (1/8" would probably be about right) and use a self-tapping screw. "Self tapping screws" suggest that you don't need a pilot hole, but they're really meant for sheet metal. They'll never get started in the steel skin of your door. A small hole will let them engage. Drilling steel is not like drilling wood. Please forgive me if this is too basic, but someone else might find it useful. To drill the hole, first locate where you want it with a pencil. Then use a center punch with a hammer to tap a small indent right where you want the hole. If you don't have a center punch use a nail. If you don't tap a center mark, your drill will skate right across the surface of the door and scratch the paint. Then drill at the full speed applying some pressure directly behind the drill motor, in line with the twist drill.(1) If you're used to drilling wood you might be surprised how much pressure it takes. (1) A bit (ha ha) of anal-retentive vocabulary: the thing that you plug in is the "drill motor". The thing that actually drills, which most people call the "bit", is not a bit, it's a drill, usually a "twist drill". I only bring this up because the the anonymity of the interwebs makes me bold.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? At my old house, there wasn't a slot to put the filter into. Taking the door off the side showed me the motor, like you've said, which was situated inside the cold air return chamber (much like your picture). The filter rested on two notches on the outer edge of the chamber, and basically blocked my view of the motor. See if there's a way to place the filter "in the way" of the cold air as it passes the motor. This disgusting image shows how the door opens to reveal the motor, and the air filter is placed at an angle in the way of the motor. Air flows from above and hits the angled filter. (source)
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Another approach is to avoid drilling at all and use a magnetic curtain rod. These are reasonably priced and stick well to the steel door without damaging it.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Usually bathtub caulking is silicone caulk, which can be a bear to clean off. You can usually peel off most of it, but smudges and remnants remain and I know of no solvent to remove cured silicone. One tip I read somewhere (I have never tried it) is to use a drafting eraser - you know, the white kind with the paper sleeve. Apparently it will remove the smudges and last bits of clinging caulk. If you try this, report back on how well it worked!
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? This is a great article on how to remove the different types of caulk. It also talks about the pros and cons of different types of caulks when you reseal. From the article: Silicone caulk can be removed with a sharp, single-edged razor in a razor blade holder. Be very careful to keep the razor angled low so that you don't scratch the tub or shower pan, especially if it is a plastic or fiberglass. A utility knife can also be used to cut the caulk from between the tiles and the tub if the razor can't quite get it out, especially in deeper pockets and corners! Sometimes, if you have a porcelain tub, little black lines will appear on the porcelain as you scrape off the caulk, even though you know you didn't scratch the surface. These marks usually come off with the alcohol wipe. If they don't, use a little scouring powder or Soft Scrub... with a minimum of water.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I would start on the wall with the window above the tub. You should lay out a row of tiles on the ground as they would go on the wall. You'll want to pay attention to how the grout line will line up with the sides of the window and center accordingly. You always want the cut tiles in the corners where they will be hidden. Then start tiling from the tub up. Is this a wooden window sill in a shower? If so, you might want to think about removing the wood and tiling the window as well.
How do I balance a ceiling fan? About a year ago I installed a new ceiling fan in my living room and when it was installed it was balanced nicely, but it has a little wobble. How do I bring it back in to balance?
How do I re-level and re-lay a brick pad with a french drain underneath? I have a french drain that is under a brick pad just outside of my walk-out basement. As you can see in the pic, the bricks have settled and some have even sunk, making the floor uneven. I want to rip out all of the bricks, re-level and re-lay them. Any suggestions on doing it right?
How do I re-level and re-lay a brick pad with a french drain underneath? Have you tried cleaning the blades? At high speed, just the dust buildup (which can be significant) on the blade edges can cause a bit of a wobble.
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? I recently viewed a vacant house for sale that was nice except that the partially finished basement got flooded just enough to saturate the carpets and cover every piece of drywall, door, and trim with nasty black mold. It was even on the concrete on the unfinished side. It's clear the sump backed up from the recent storm and no one knew the pump quit. I was considering what it would take to bring this house back into shape. If I bought it, I'd certainly have a mold abatement specialist look at it. If the report shows the mold didn't spread beyond the basement, would I expect to run into any issues by simply demolishing the finished area's carpet, drywall and framing and then bleaching all the remaining surfaces? In other words, assuming no further flooding the house may become livable but will the basement always smell funny? What are the chances mold can come back in the bad way? Would there be any long term health risks after the cleanup?
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? I agree with Jeff's comment on this one. Once the mold smell is in there it's hard to get rid of. I've been in houses with moldy basements and they tried to use bleach to clear it up. The bleach cleaned out the mold but the smell still lingered. One thing you COULD try (and I'm not saying this'll work) is to hire a company that specializes in flood or crime scene cleanup. They have chemicals that can probably get rid of the mold smell for you. I'm not sure about the expense involved (I doubt it will be cheap) but it just may work for you.
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? Yes, I'd insulate: not least because the water in the pipe will stay warmer longer. Although PEX is a better insulator than copper, having hotter water come through the pipe faster is a good thing.
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? Three things come to mind. The easiest and probably first thing to try is clean it (as Eric suggests). Make sure all the bolts and screws are tight, this may require taking the fan down and reinstalling it. If the fan was not properly secured when it was installed (it was mounted to an existing electrical box), the fan could have loosened the screws/nails holding the box to the rafter/ceiling which could cause the fan to wobble and fall. When installing ceiling fans I always use one of these braced boxes. They have some that are for new work, or where you have access to the attic. They also make ones for old work, where you can put the brace up through the hole and tighten it down until it bites into the rafters.
What is the purpose of a sump pump? If you have a sump pump in your house/basement, does it mean you have (or potentially could have) a flooding problem?
What is the purpose of a sump pump? Yes, generally you'll have a sump pump if the water table could reasonably rise to the level of the bottom of the basement. The sump pump is most often used in combination with a drainage system around the foundation that directs water into a "sump pit". The sump pump then pumps water out of the sump pit once it rises to a certain level. If you have city sewer service, the water is usually pumped into the sewer system. If not, it's usually just pumped up through a PVC pipe and out into the yard.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Can figure out how to open it. Maybe somebody has a similar one.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Try turning the glass and see if it has hooks that hold it in place (kind of like how a smoke detector hangs onto that plate on the ceiling).
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Might be clips around the perimeter. Try running a butter knife or some kind of shim around the outside to see if you hit anything: if you do try poking in on it.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Cleaning and tightening will probably do the trick, if not some blades have a bit of adjustment in them. Failing that... One time I left the fan on in my parent's cabin for six months after I had a party there. When we got back it was still going but vibrating like it had a missing blade. My dad, bless his heart, just rolled his eyes and told me to deal with it: he'd only get mad at me if I couldn't fix it. I tightened everything I could but it didn't help. Finally I tried taping a rock to the top of each blade in turn. I tried each blade: the third of four seemed to cut down on the vibration a bit. So I started taping pennies to to that blade. At around 10 pennies the vibration was minimal. Couldn't get it better than that, but it was good enough that my dad said "Ok, don't be such an idiot next time" instead of walloping me.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Mine has spring-loaded clips shaped something like this: The glass cover hooks onto the base of the clip, and when it's all assembled, the lower wide spots pull the glass cover up firmly against the surround. To open it, I have to pull down firmly on the glass (there are a couple of indentations on opposite sides to give you a grip) to get past the resistance of the first wide part of the clips. Once it's down, the glass hangs from the second wide parts, about an inch below the surround. Then I just undo one of the clips to get at the bulb.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? On some fans, the metal arms that hold the blades have some bend in them. I've balanced fan blades by just bending them slightly up or down and doing a lot of trial and error. Just be careful not to break them.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Most new fans comes with a balance kit. It includes a heavy clip and a set of stick-on weights. If you don't have the balance kit you can buy one at a big-box home improvement store. First, run the fan at each speed to see where it wobbles worst. Put the clip on one of the blades near the middle and run the fan at that speed. Check if the wobble improves or worsens. Repeat the process with each blade, and narrow it down to the blade that gives the most improvement. Now, try moving the weight towards the tip of the blade and down to the hub, testing each time you move to locate the sweet spot. Finally, attach the weight at that sweet spot.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? There are two reasons to insulate hot pex pipes: Keep them hot in cold temperatures Keep them from heating up cold pex pipes When we ran our pex, we were very careful to keep the hot and cold pipes from touching, so #2 wasn't an issue. In my climate, I was more concerned with keeping the cold pipes from freezing and insulated them, particularly where they were near the exterior of the house or where they crossed near a cold air intake/vent.
Do above counter bowl sinks require special cabinets? I am currently renovating a bathroom. In the process, I'll be replacing the ugly 1970s vanity with a new craftsman style cabinet, solid surface countertop, and two above counter glass bowl sinks. However, I am getting a bit concerned about the sink height, as the sink will no longer be set into the vanity. How is this typically dealt with? Standard height cabinets? Special cabinets that are lower/designed for these sinks? Something else?
Do above counter bowl sinks require special cabinets? Maybe the outer ring comes off first? Either twist or pull down to release clips. Then you could get at the light cover.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? Background: We have about 1500 feet of unfinished basement that I am contemplating finishing off into a "grandma suite". Before getting serious about the project, however, I would like to play around with some layouts. My first thought was to download the 30-day trial of AutoCAD LT. But surely there must be some software that's better suited to a casual user, and doesn't cost $1200. Right? What are some affordable alternatives to AutoCAD for people who need to use drafting software very infrequently?
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? There is a question on WebApps for web applications to do this.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? It's not 2D, but have you considered Google Sketchup? It has a bit of a learning curve, but can be quite powerful. And of course it is free.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? They're typically used on standard height cabinets, but have the effect of making the bowl higher. Here's another question that deals with bathroom vanity height.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? The best thing to do is not to have it drain under the patio -- when you change the moisure content of soil, it can compact differently, or wash out, both of which could cause the problems you're seeing. If you can, change the drain there so you're using non-perforated pipe, and run it out further to a drainage field past the bricked area. The problem is, you want to compact the soil for the patio, which will reduce the air voids in the soil, making it less permeable and not drain as well, making the french drain less effective. As it's bricked, if you slope it away from the house, you'll reduce the amount of water absorbed in that area, which should hopefully eliminate the need for a french drain to collect the water to take down to a drainage area. If you want to get the best compaction of your soil, dig some if it out, then compact the soil, then add a few inches back in, compact again, then repeat until you're out of soil. Then repeat for the base pack, check it for level and then start laying your pavers.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? I am currently remodeling my office, a converted formal dining room, and I am stuck on what material to use for the desktop. Currently I have a 1" thick Cherry Veneer particle board that is 6' wide x 30" deep. I want to increase the depth slightly (I like to rest my elbows on the desk while gaming) and am finding it hard to decide on a good material for a 36" depth that has an attractive finish. I would be happiest with a black veneer on the top (non-shine). Any suggestions, or even places to purchase or order in Orange, CA would be awesome. I am not shy in building one either, if anyone has any suggestions on the construction of a strong top.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? There is also Autodesk Homestyler (beta). I have not used it and it looks like a competitor to Google Sketchup (so not 100% 2D) but looks like it might give you want you want when laying out your basement.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? Have you looked at getting some thick particle board and laminating on a veneer yourself? That will be less limiting in your color choices than trying to find pre-finished tops.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? If the vanity is so small that it just supports the bowl but with no usable countertop, then the vanity is often lower than standard by 8" or so. But if there is usable space on the counter than it's more important to have that work space (shave space?) at a comfortable height than it is to have the top of the sink at a standard height.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? If you want to build your own you would need to use a hard wood such as oak, cherry, or walnut. You would then join all of the suitable length pieces together to give you the width you want (36" allowing for a little extra for milling). Then you would cut it to size and sand and finish it. Although this would take some learning/knowledge and also a fair bunch of new tools :).
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? Particle board or some form of fiber board or plywood will eliminate the issues you might have with solid wood warping. If you veneer the top surface, you should veneer the bottom as well to avoid the veneer warping the board if it shrinks or expands on only one surface. Remember to treat the top and bottom the same (varnish, oil, or other). Another thing that helps reduce warping is strips or batons. When screwed through slots in the batons into the underside of the desktop, it will allow the top to expand and contract, yet still be held flat.
Are there solar lights that can be put inside existing lamps? We've got lamp posts in the garden that we're fond of, but the electrics were not very well installed (by the previous owner I might add). I've disconnected the electrics and would like to put a solar bulb or mass of LED lights inside the lamp houses with the charger discretely stuck in the ground nearby. Are there lamps I can buy online or in the UK that would be suitable? If none are suitable, I might create a birds nest of an LED string of lights inside the lamp housing. Would that provide enough light?
Are there solar lights that can be put inside existing lamps? There are many factors to take into consideration when talking energy efficiency and comfort. Your comfort level may like a house at 69F in the winter, but other members of the household may feel "chilled to the bone". Also, the quality and efficiency of the insulation in each region (outer walls, door seals, attic/roof insulation, etc) will have a direct bearing on any energy efficiency values. Another factor to consider, which recommendations usually take for granted, is what is the usage of each floor, and are both floors above ground or is it a 1st/main floor and a basement? For example, if the upstairs contains only rooms which are used primarely in the evenings and at night, they can typically stay a little warmer during the day in the summer, since the majority of the time isn't spent there, just as keeping a living/media room warm overnight in the winter typically isn't necessary... unless there is a reason to (plants, temperature sensitive equipment, etc).
What are some good downspout options for a brick house? I need to replace the gutters and downspouts on my house, and I'd like to know the best approach. The house is 100 year-old clay brick house. The old gutters were aluminum and used downspouts that sat on hooks embedded in the brick (with a series of notches on the back of the downspout), and were held against the house by pressure from the gutters at the top and being sleeved into pipes that run to the sanitary sewer main at the moment (we appear to be grandfathered into the system, but yes I know that's bad). The gutters were pulled off and damaged by a snow storm, but most of the downspout parts are intact. One of the pipes that runs to the sewer is collapsed so we need to use a different system to remove the water from the base of the house at that corner. I'd rather NOT put new holes in the brick if I don't have to, but all the local home improvement stores seem to see plastic gutter systems that use different mounts (brackets that wrap around the downspout to hold them against the house). If I look around are there likely to be places that might have parts for aluminum gutters? Is trying to rebuild a system like we had the best idea or should I replace with something different? If I did switch the gutters, is there a gutter system out there that might work with my old brackets so that I don't have to put new holes in the walls?
What are some good downspout options for a brick house? While I haven't build a space like you're describing, I have helped users of them and seen their designs. If you are just trying to build a space that would allow the wheelchair user to shower, there are a number of products that are designed to make this relatively easy to install. A quick search yielded the link above, but I'm sure there are other options out there. These are less elegant looking than most true wet rooms, but can be highly functional. During college I assisted a user of a shower like that, who thought they were relatively well designed except that the controls were not in a location a seated person with restricted arm movement could easily reach (something to keep in mind however you build it). If you're building a larger space you'll need to grade most of the floor, particularly the area around the shower to avoid water pooling away from the drains or flowing toward the door. This article has some thoughts to keep in mind when designing the space. You can make a raised edge near the shower that a wheelchair can get over just make sure you don't make it too hard to get over. I've also seen spaces designed with a ridge that runs across the room that didn't cause problems for wheelchair users, but caused water to run toward one of two drains in the floor. The advantage of grading the entire floor as I understand it, is that you always control where the water is going, instead of hoping it stays put. This can be problematic of people with balance issues if you're not careful.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Two closet doors in my house won't close all the way. When they are about 85% closed, it stops because the top of the door is rubbing up against the frames. It looks like I need to move the door down about 3-6 inches a half inch. The doors are hollow except for about a foot on the top and bottom. I want to avoid having to take the door and hinges off and redoing the hinges. Is there anyway I can avoid that? A step by step would be very helpful, even if there is no way to do it without moving the hinges.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? I can't believe 3-6 inches is correct. Maybe 3/16 of an inch? (even that is pushing it). The easiest way to fix this is to take the door down and trim a bit off the top of the door. I'll usually just run the door through my table saw to trim it down, but a power planer would probably work better if you have one. Otherwise a hand planer will work too, but could take a while. Be careful how much you trim off though. You say the door is hollow except for about a foot at the top and bottom, but if it's like most hollow core doors these days, it's probably more like an inch at the top and bottom.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? If you're having the same problem I had, and it's a case of rubbing but the door could be forced closed (so it's just slightly off), I just made a note of where it was rubbing with a bit of crayon (wipes off easily), then took a small hand plane to shave down that area slightly. Unfortunately, I also made the mistake of passing off the plane to my house mate, who wasn't familiar with its use, and he ended up taking a chunk off of his bedroom door. I have no idea how he managed to do it. So, for using a plane -- you want long strokes, and try to shave the door off -- if it gets caught and starts splitting the grain, stop, move back further, and then lightly shave down past where you had the problem.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Rather than a slope, consider a little bit of a lip. You'll need to consider who it is in a wheelchair, but if they can make it up a small bump, then add a higher threshold, and trim the door to give the necessary clearance. You might also consider a bit of weatherstripping or similar, so that water can't easily get through the gap under the door. (it doesn't need to seal that well, it can just be a small plastic flap on the inside of the door that comes down to meet the edge of the threshold.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? You could maybe buy some cheap solar lamps, and tear them apart to use guts to replace your existing lamps, but my guess is you're going to have trouble mounting the solar panels somewhere that doesn't look goofy. If you mount them away from the lamp itself, then you're going to have to run wiring (and as you said, that was not done well and has been disconnected). If you're willing to run new wiring, then you can definitely use low voltage LED bulbs, where you just need low voltage cable that goes back to a transformer somewhere (or battery + solar panel) - this is much easier and safer to install than high voltage cable (where you pretty much need to run it in a conduit anywhere underground).
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? On some TV show I was watching, they showed the cleanup of a house with a severe mold problem. The procedure was to strip everything back to the studs and subfloor and clean with a media-blaster. Instead of sand, they used small dry ice pellets. It basically took off the top layer of wood from the studs and rafters. Since it was dry ice, there was no cleanup except the sawdust. You are probably looking at doing something like this, and it won't be cheap.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Is there some particular reason not to put new holes in the bricks? My first inclination is to just drill new holes, and secure the spouts properly - after all, they did come off during a snow storm. Do you have pictures of the existing mounts? Perhaps there is a way to retrofit something onto the existing hooks but still use a modern downspout.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Besides cleaning and swapping fan blades, check to make sure it the down rod with the ball (if you have one) is properly seated in with the slot in the down rod ball with the tab in the bracket that goes to the fan box. Your box is attached to a stud, right? Check to make sure your box did not come lose from the stud. This all will require you to take some or part of the fan down.
Would putting a sprinkler on my roof help cool my home? Anyone ever put a sprinkler on your roof to help out your A/C on unusually hot days? Just wondering if it helps.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? We recently moved into a new home with central vac. The vacuum unit is in the garage, as is typically the case, and seems to be in good working condition. I cleaned the "bucket" underneath and made sure the grid inside is free of dirt/lint etc. It seems to me the suction when actually using the central vac system is not quite as powerful when compared to a regular vacuum. I can understand that the system is much "bigger" i.e lots of air in the pipes and much longer distance for particles to travel. Is it expected that the suction should not be as strong as regular vac or am I dealing with a blockage or perhaps under spec vac?
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? The central vacs I've used have been more or less the same strength. If there's a remarkable difference, if it's really under-powered, then there's something wrong - either a blockage or too-small vac. But if it's nearly the same strength, just a little weak, there's probably nothing wrong.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? Perhaps kitchen worktop is the way to go - plenty of choices in finish, thickness and size. Durable and hardwearing, too.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? Seems like it would be a bit wasteful and not that efficient. I'd imagine being on the roof, ambient temperature is much less of an issue then the constant sun exposure just baking the unit. Like when I get in the car here in TX sometimes, ambient temperature is in the 90s but the car baking in the sun says its 110+. If it were parked in the shade, it would read the normal temperature. So I would think focusing on blocking as much sun as possible would be the best solution. I'm picturing some sort of open sided mini roof structure, almost like a little car port over the unit or a well ventilated little shack built up around it. These are just random crazy ideas of my own though, never heard of this issue nor a solution for it. EDIT This is under the assumption the AC unit is what you are trying to cool, if it is the temperature of the roof you are wanting to reduce, I'd encourage considering @Vebjorn Ljosa's and @Jeff Widmer's answers over a water cooling solution.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? I think you will just waste a lot of water compared to the cooling effect that you get. A better way to cool the roof is to change its color. A roof with a clean, smooth bright white surface can reflect about 85% of incident sunlight and emit thermal radiation with 90% efficiency. This surface will be only 9°F warmer than the outside air on a typical summer afternoon. For comparison, the surface of a standard gray roof that reflects only about 20% of incident sunlight will be 69°F warmer than the outside air. See http://coolcolors.lbl.gov/. Some buildings in California are now required to have light-colored roofs in order to reduce energy consumption for cooling.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? I'm going to assume that the vaccuum was sized to the house, so it's not under-spec, although poor maintenance might mean that it's underperforming. I'd suspect one of three things -- a blockage, a poorly performing pump, or a leak in the system. If it's a blockage, unless it's right near the pumps, you'd have some areas with good pressure, and others past the blockage with poor pressure. (and the pump would be straining to keep up). You might be able to map out where a blockage might be by determining which ports have good suction, and which ones don't. If it's a poorly performing pump, it's difficult to diagnose, but you might try listening for sounds of a straining motor and/or any odd smells. (I'm not so good in this field, so can't really say much more, a bad seal could cause just as bad as a problem, and I don't know if there's a good way to test for that.). If it's a leak somewhere, the whole system won't be able to come pressure, so you'll have poor pressure everywhere. There might be additional dropoff at the leak if you were to try to map out which ports have worse suction than others, but as the suction is poor to start with, and some dropoff is standard for a pressuried system, it might be difficult to identify. You might be able to better pinpoint a leak by intentionally clogging up the line, if it's run as a line with multiple ports off of it, rather than them all branching from one point. You'll need a two-way radio, baby monitor, or something similar. Put the transmitting end near the pump, and carry the receiving end with you. Open up the port, and intentionally block the tube on the side heading towards the pump. If there's no leak in that section, you should hear the pump straining. Luckily, leaks are unlikely (unless perhaps if you've had an earthquake in that area), because I have no clue how you'd go about actually repairing it without tearing out the walls.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? I buy replacement parts for my appliances online. The best source I've found so far is http://www.repairclinic.com/ I don't work for them, nor do I get referral fees, etc. Off the top of my head I can remember purchasing a replacement valve for my dishwasher (~$15,) sealed glass cook top for a range (~$110,) and an oven door handle for same range (~$25) All these prices seemed very reasonable. Just make sure whomever you use has pictures of the parts online so you can match them before ordering, and a good return policy if you do end up ordering the wrong one.
How do I clean the oven really well? I need to clean my kitchen's oven really well. It is electric, has a "grill" element on top, and a fan behind a grating which, apparently, cannot be removed. I tried with the spray products for ovens but I cannot reach every part of it, and I always have the sensation that I'm not cleaning, I'm just detaching oil but even after removing it with paper and cleaning more with alcohol, the oven stays oily anyway. Do you have any hint on how to clean it as close as brand new, and what are the precautions to keep (if any) in order not to ruin the grill element ?
How do I clean the oven really well? Alcohol isn't the best solvent for grease. You're better off using dish soap in water. A toothbrush is handy for cleaning hard to reach crevices and grates. I'm surprised the grate doesn't come off. Look for clips along the edge (feel with a shim), and gently try to pry it off from the edge: many are just a friction fit. You can try calling an appliance parts store with your brand and model: they'll have a manual so can tell you how to get the grate off.
How do I clean the oven really well? Check all the cover plates to make sure they seal correctly when the vacuum is running.
The carpet on my stairs is worn. Should I repair it or just remove it? In our house the second floor and the stairs to them have carpet over top of old hardwood floors (installed by previous owner). The carpet is wearing out, particularly on the stairs where it has come untacked in a couple places so that when you go up or down them the carpet will at times slide forward creating a hazard we need to deal with. We can see under the carpet in a couple places and the floor looks okay, but not great. Does it make more sense to remove the carpet and risk the condition of the floor underneath or try to tack the carpet back in place? What would be involved with retacking it down? If the finish on the original floor is in poor shape, is it a problem just to leave it alone (assuming no splinter hazards)? Finally, if we remove the carpet, what will we need to do to remove the tacks and other carpet related things from the floors?
The carpet on my stairs is worn. Should I repair it or just remove it? I love hardwood floors, so I would rip the carpet out and re-finish the hardwood if it wasn't in good condition. If it's not, you can always put new carpet down.
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? In Michigan, there is a service called Miss Dig for identifying buried utility lines. We've just moved from Michigan to New Hampshire, and we would like to know where our utility lines are buried. What service should I call?
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? A list of "Know Before You Dig" services, by state, is available here: 811 Website For New Hampshire, contact Dig Safe Systems, Inc.
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? Easy Off is a great product for cleaning the oven - but if you're sensitive to chemicals I'd use a respirator and gloves. (That's what I do)
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? This question is really too localised, so this answer doesn't apply to all, but in Australia there's Dial Before You Dig on 1100
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? I live in a roughly-50 year-old apartment building and would like to renovate the bathroom myself. I've tiled and replaced sinks and toilets in the past, but I'm unsure about replacing the tub and shower fixtures (knobs, spouts, etc.). Will I be able to shut off water to the tub without needing to shut off water in my whole line of apartments? I can find a [third] valve underneath the neighboring sink that appears to control the hot water flow to the tub, but no clues about the cold water.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? If this is for a building with windows that open, I'd think instead about sprinklers/lawn/misters at ground level - my house has no A/C but we get a reasonable north-south breeze, and if I turn on the sprinklers on the north side of the house and open the windows, there's a noticable cooling effect. In high desert country, it's not unusual for restaurants with outdoor seating to install mist delivery systems to cool the outdoor areas during the hot parts of the day. Ultimately, the value of evaporative cooling is going to depend a lot on the relative humidity in your location - where the air is dry, evaporative cooling works nicely. If you are in a humid location, there's already plenty of moisture in the air, so you're not going to get much evaporation, and correspondingly not much cooling. I have heard of people using roof-mounted sprinklers as a last line of defense in high fire danger areas - not sure how well it really works.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? I'd go ahead and pull it up and see what you've got. It sounds like it's in pretty poor shape so you're going to have to get rid of it either way. Depending on how the carpet was installed you'll probably find tack strips that look something like like this: You might also find staples -- I don't know if this is common but our installer used a staple gun in some troublesome spots. Most if not all of the staples will probably be pulled out when you rip out the carpet. Before removing anything, take a look at the hardwood stair treads and make a preliminary decision about whether you think they're in good enough condition to leave exposed. If they're really rough and/or you want to recarpet, leave the tack strips in place and hammer in the staples. If you do want to leave the stairs uncarpeted, you can just remove the tack strips, being careful not to damage the floor underneath. For minimal damage I'd recommend this type of prybar available at box stores for ~$14: Use a hammer to tap the pointy claw end (like you would hammer a chisel) under the head of each nail holding the tack strip down, then pry up the nail enough that you can get your hammer's claw under it to pull it out. No tools ever need touch your stair tread.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Related to @Vebjorn Ljosa's answer, you could also install solar panels on your roof. Check out an organization called One Block Off the Grid (http://1bog.org/) if you are interested in putting solar panels on your own roof. 1Bog will help with getting a local contractor and depending on the state you live in, you could end up selling your energy credits back to other businesses for extra money.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Good windows are very important in New England. Growing up in an old house in New Hampshire I can tell you first hand that you can feel the heat getting sucked out the windows. Now technically I don't know much about what makes a window energy efficient, but I do know that people who do know a lot about it give them an "ENERGY STAR" rating. Home Depot will let you filter by windows that have this rating, then you can sort by price. This doesn't answer your entire question but will give you two of you're bullet points (cheap + energy efficient). If you happen to live in Massachusetts you can give the people at http://www.masssave.com a call and they'll come down and give you a free energy assessment, which I would guess include windows. Finally, windows qualify for some of those government rebate programs. See: http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=tax_credits.tx_index
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? If the carpet is frayed, it will have to be removed anyway. You can then decide whether to put new carpet on or refinish the wood floor. Even if you end up hiring a company to sand and lacquer the floors, you can save hundreds of dollars by removing and disposing of the carpet, setting the nails, and doing any necessary repairs yourself. We removed the carpet from the stairs and several upstairs rooms. These were pine floors, but they had been carpeted at least since 1945 (dated by the newspapers used as carpet pads). The downstairs rooms have old (some perhaps a century) and quite nice pine floors, and we were hoping for the same in the rest of the house. While we are satisfied with the result overall, there were some disappointments: Two small holes where the corners of floor boards have split off. We placed furniture over them. Pieces of the floor had been replaced near old radiator leaks. For the most part it looks fine, but in one place a board had been replaced with plywood. A lot of sanding was necessary. I hired a company to do this. The floors now go up a few millimeters near the walls, where the machines sanded less. Even after sanding, there are holes from staples and nails, especially on the stairs. Boards joined in funny places, perhaps because the location used to be covered by a doorway.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? There would be a small door with a valve somewhere, either inside your apartment or elsewhere. If each apartment is metered separately, there will likely be a valve by the water meter. Even if the water needs to be shut off for the whole building, it will only be needed for a few minutes while you (or a plumber) removes the faucet and plugs the pipe, then again to attach the new faucet once you're done. Some states (e.g., Massachusetts) require that most plumbing work be done by a plumber. Call your local building department.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Have you checked whether it has a self-cleaning mode? It can help burn off spots that you're not able to scrub off.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Ikea sells desk tops separately from the legs, perfectly suitable as building materials for your DIY super desk. They are reasonably priced and available in many sizes and finishes. There are several stores in the greater L.A. area.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Given that it's an apartment the plumbing would most likely have to be done by a licensed plumber, check with the landlord/building manager and local government. In some places the work can be done by anybody, but must be inspected at different stages by a licensed professional and/or the local government.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Take into consideration the expected users of the bathroom (not just current but future). It sounds like this is probably your master and so will be focused on adults, so the raised height should be fine. If this is a common area bathroom or connected to a secondary bedroom, even if you don't have children, you want to consider visitors and future re-sale so keeping the sink level at standard height would be best.
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? My apartment's buzzer has stopped working. I can use the intercom and buzz people in but if someone presses the button outside I hear nothing. What's likely the problem here and how can I go about fixing it?
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? I would report it to maintenance/landlord, it isn't something you installed to the unit so it isn't your responsibility to repair it. Plus, the issue isn't even necessarily at the end in your unit, there could be a problem with the button at the front door, wiring issue between, etc. Typically to test wiring issues you need access to both ends as you will need to loop one end and test conductivity from the other. Aside from if the buzzer device itself went out, I'm not sure what you could fix on just your end, and that would require a part replacement that you don't need to pay for.
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? Plant an oak tree, wait 10-20 years, shade created, problem solved!
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? 811 is the universal number for all US states. Canada has different numbers. Listing here
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? I recently used DAP All-Purpose Stucco Patch. It comes in a tube too so you can just attach it to your caulking gun. It needs to be painted over. You need to repair those cracks so water does not get in and DAP will seal it along with a coat of paint. You'll need a plastic spreader to spread the mix.
Hanging an interior door I reversed the doors to my bedroom (they're small "french" doors I guess but they don't have glass or open to the outside like normal french doors) so they open out instead of in (the room is small despite the big door opening). Come to think of it there was a door missing when we bought the house (yes, it's been over a year and I'm just getting to fixing this door problem) so I had to buy a new one and it wasn't an exact match for what was there before so there is about a 1 inch gap between the doors that I figure I could fill in with a piece of wood and some sanding. Anyway . . . after reversing the doors and hanging the new door the gap between the doors is different at the top than at bottom. I know that means something isn't level but I checked it with my four foot level before I attached the door frame and everything was fine. Any tips to hanging interior doors? It looks so easy on TV!
Hanging an interior door I'd recommend look at the Low-Emissivity and Argon glass types. I recently installed them in my house. They are a little more expensive than regular windows, but they save on cooling and heating costs. My Low-E windows are double paned. Also, look at good insulation and caulking on/around your windows.
Can I use a swamp cooler to cool an AC unit's condenser? Swamp coolers work great and use a fraction of the electricity of an air conditioner in a dry climate with little humidity (like Phoenix) but there are downsides like mold and, well, everything feels wet in your house. Dry cool air is more comfortable than wet cool air. Why don't the condenser units of a split system AC use water in some way to cool the condenser? Is it because the moist air would cause corrosion faster and the savings in electricity would be lost to the fact that you'd have to replace the unit? How do AC units in climates like Florida last more than a few years since it's humid all the time there?
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? How often do you need to run a bleach and water solution through the condensate drain lines (of a heat pump) to keep the bacteria away? What are the recommended parts (e.g. 1 part bleach, 10 part water)?
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Check your level to make sure it's accurate. Place it on a level (or nearly so) surface like your kitchen counter. If the surface isn't exactly level then note the direction and degree to which it's off. Then spin the level around end for end, without flipping it over. The bubble should either be in the middle if it started in the middle, or it should be off by the same amount in the same direction as before (that's direction relative to the room, not relative to the level). If that's not the case then your level is off and should be replaced. It shouldn't be much harder than it is on TV, which is what makes me think your level is out of calibration.
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Did you check the frame again after hanging the doors? Could be that the frame wasn't securely attached to the studs and the weight of the doors is causing the frame to pull out slightly. Also, maybe too late for this now, but you mentioned that the old frame was about an inch wider than the new one. That seems a bit strange. Is that the rough in dimensions, or the finished frame dimensions? Usually the rough in is a couple inches or so wider than the actual door frame dimensions to give you some room to plumb things up with shims. So if you had a 48" door set, the rough in width would be 50" - 48 for the door, 1 more for the frame, and 1 more for shimming.
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Don't know the names off the top of my head, but I see all kinds of "DIY" room planning/drawing tools on the $9.99 shelf at places like OfficeMax.
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Take the 4 foot level and check that the frame on both sides is still plumb when the doors are hung, then place the level on the edge of the door to check if the doors are hanging plumb. make sure both doors are square, using a T-square. Previous owners may have plained/sanded the doors to account for less then plumb door frames. Make sure all the hinges are mounted to the same depth. If one of the hinges is not in line with the other, it can cause the door to not hang properly.
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? My guess is that a long time ago there was a fire in part of our house and what was the top storey was capped and the floor replaced with thick slabs of concrete. This was then sealed over with bitumen and left as a flat roof, with traditional pitched roofs on either side. Now, however, it seems something is failing and the roof has started to leak. It's always pooled water on the top to half an inch or so, but the last lot of heavy rain caused a stain on the ceiling underneath. That was easily redecorated, and I've made sure the drain to the gutter is properly free flowing now, but I don't want it to start again. What's a good way to seal this roof so that doesn't happen again? I've used flash-band to patch up a couple of obvious cracks in the bitumen but I'd rather have something more permanent.
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? I'm not a big fan of particle board. It's not all that strong and you need to paint it and make sure that if it gets scratched you fix it right away before any water can penetrate. The plastic veneer on top of the particle board from IKEA is strong and would work but doing it yourself isn't easy or fun. I like plywood with a nice maple or oak veneer with a solid wood border made to whatever thickness you want to see. You can paint it black but that would be wood murder. If you want to paint then get a cheaper plywood and edge it with Poplar (pine would work too but it's not much cheaper and it's softwood).
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? Probably not worth it. Considering how much the insulation costs (not to mention install costs though this is diy so that should be $0) I think it would take a long time to make up for the cost of water that goes down the drain to get to the hotter water from the tank and well as the cost to heat that extra water to a temperature that the insulated pipe water would have been. I would need (or technically, that guy from XKCD would need): water costs in your area Length and diameter of the pex from the tank to an average faucet average temperatures inside and outside your house and the percentage of the pex that is inside your house
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? Don't use alcohol to clean an oven. If your oven has a "self cleaning" mode, try that. It basically puts the oven on full blast (2-3x the normal baking temperature) and "burns" all of the crud out. Sometimes there will be some charred stuff behind that you have to wipe out after it is done (see #3). Because of the extreme temperatures involved, there is usually a safety latch on the oven door to lock out the self cleaning mode. Use oven cleaning spray. Easy-Off is the most popular example of this. You spray it on, wait a few hours, and then wipe it out with a damp sponge (follow the instructions). All of the crud in your oven will turn into a brown sludge that just wipes away. Be warned, oven cleaners are extremely caustic. Use rubber gloves, and don't rub your eyes while you are working. The fumes are nasty too. They have newer low-odor ones, but they can still make you gag. Option #3 will make your oven look shiny and clean. However, it takes a lot of manual labor to get it looking good. Might take more than one cleaning session.
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? Looks like somebody makes a product that does exactly that. Seems the problem with spraying water directly into the unit is increased corrosion as you mention. To get around that, it looks like their product actually uses a kind of "wet bag" that surrounds the unit and cools the air as it is sucked through the bag.
How much cooling can I expect from a central air conditioner? Yesterday's high was 106.0F, low of 79.2F, full sun all day. AC set at 78F, indoor temperature reached about 85F. Today's high was 105.4F, low of 81.1F, full sun all day, now about 102 at 7pm. AC set at 78F all day, temperature climbed steadily through the day, and is now 89F. Is it reasonable to expect an AC unit to maintain 78F in this weather?
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? Many times we need to hire a contractor and try to extensively google for reviews on that contractor. Sometimes to no avail :( Just curious what web resources you use when trying to find a contractor? Be it a review site or some other method, what have you used in the past to identify the best person for the job?
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? I have used ServiceMagic (http://www.servicemagic.com/) in the past and been pretty happy with the results (I was able to find a good electrician through it), but that was along with checking up on the contractor through a Google search. I wouldn't just trust a ServiceMagic reference without being able to find some other proof of the quality of the contractor. I do not have a specific list but usually if the contractor has a quality website, business license, 800 phone number, etc. then they get some points toward being awarded my business.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? A properly functioning and properly sized central air conditioning unit should be able to maintain the temperature of your house at any reasonable temperature you select. The amount of cooling available is related to the size of the system, insulation in the house, and finally outside air temperature. From your description I would guess either you don't have a big enough compressor, or you don't have enough airflow through the house. It's also possible the cooling element in the system has become dirty and no longer transfers enough heat from the air into the element.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? The first thing to check is the return air filters. If they're dirty, your system won't be able to keep up. Also, if the coils are dirty or the refrigerant is low, you will not get efficient cooling. You can clean your condenser coils (the outside unit) yourself using a jet of water from a hose. Contact a service company to clean your evaporator coils, do a system check, replace refrigerant and do repairs. The amount of in and out traffic you have, shade trees, insulation, type of windows, etc., all play a part in how well your system works. It's been about 100 degrees F here the last couple of days and the thermostat is set at 78 and has had no problem maintaining that.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? I have the same filter location as referenced by Steve Armstrong. There is no slot for the filter but it is just held in place over the return duct by a metal arm. Here is the opening between the return and the blower: And here is the filter in place over that opening with the metal arm holding it in place: I would not have known a filter was supposed to go there if there hadn't been one there already.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? You could look into installing Thermoset Membrane roof.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? If your basement is really dry as you suggest, carpeting directly on top is fine. To test: Take a 1x1m sheet of plastic (garbage bag would do) and tape it to the floor making sure it's sealed all the way around. Leave it there for 24h at least and see if moisture appears at the bottom. If it's bone dry, you should be OK. We renovated our basement and based on the carpet installer's recommendation, went with a really good quality under-pad with berber carpet on top. You would never say that it was on concrete. The carpet is great under your feet and not cold at all. I believe the biggest factor is moisture. If it's not a dry basement, I would probably put a sub-floor in. I don't know if a moisture barrier is actually "good" as it could actually trap moisture under there that would accumulate over time. DryCore (subfloor) for example has channels underneath that eventually vent out on the sides. All concrete will release some moisture over time and I suspect a "breathing" carpet is probably better then something with plastic barrier with a 100% seal.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? As others have said, if the unit is properly sized for the house, and the insulation is good enough to keep the heat out, and there is enough airflow in the house, the A/C should be able to handle almost any temperature you set it to. There is a point where it gets so hot outside that air conditioners simply can't do anything to get rid of the heat (the outdoor coil temp equals the outdoor air temp). This is extreme though, >110 deg F. You're getting pretty hot, but shouldn't be at that point yet. (Most A/C units will have specs on this. You can try looking up some specs for it online.) You indicated the system is turning on and off, so I don't think it's your thermostat. How cold is the air coming out of your vents? If the system is working properly, it should be as cold as your fridge. If it isn't cold (not cool, cold), you have a problem. Look at the lines on the outdoor unit. Are they frosting up at all? Is there excessive dripping from your indoor air handler? If your lines are freezing up, turn the system off and call a service company. That means you are probably low on coolant, and running the system without will burn up the compressor. Other problems that would prevent cold air would be crud on the coil, or the fan on the outdoor unit not working properly. If the airflow is weak, then you have an airflow problem. Check the air filters in the system. Make sure your ducts aren't plugged somehow. Check for closed dampers or closed vents. Make sure a duct didn't pop loose somewhere (blowing air into the attic instead of out the vents). Make sure your air handler is blowing air.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? Based on the comments, I think you are talking about the condensation line from the air handler. For the condensate, you shouldn't need to worry about bacteria. It's not like you are drinking from it, and it doesn't form a pool of stagnant water in your system (unless it is plugged). You do need to worry if the condensation line gets plugged up, however. If so, it will back up and flood your basement/attic (wherever the air handler is installed). On a humid day, the system can extract quite a bit of water from the air. You don't want that on your basement floor. The water that drips through the lines is condensation, and therefore very clean. The water won't have any crud in it to deposit in the line. (Unless your air handler is filled with dirty air, then you have bigger problems.) Depending on where the other end of the condensation line leads, this might be a more likely entry point for dirt/scum. If it is outside near the ground, mud could splash into it, bugs could crawl into it, etc. Probably the easiest thing to do would be to attach a Shop Vac to the far end of the line and let it suck. You could also use an air compressor to blow out the line from the inside. Another option would be to pour some diluted drain cleaner (Draino) into the line, and then flush it out with the hose. Make sure you flush it throughly. You don't want the cleaner to sit in there and eat the pipe. Cleaning the condensate line shouldn't need to be done often. Once a year at most. Most people probably never clean theirs.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? It only really needs to be cleaned if it becomes blocked or restricted, if you notice a build up of algae or other such grossness you can flush the line with a 16/1 water bleach mix (making sure you clear the blockage first). After the water bleach mix I would flush the line again with straight water a day or two later, just to make sure the bleach and whatever it cleans is cleared out. As for how often. It really depends on your situation, keep an eye on it and if it starts to build up flush it again before it becomes blocked. If you find yourself cleaning it often (more than once a year), you may want to do some investigation to find the underlying cause.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? A good portion of the answers and discussion on this site references "code". What does a DIY-er need to know about code as it relates to project in their own home? Most of what I can find online either refers to commercial projects or third-party projects. Also, which code applies? For example, I live in Fairfax County, Virginia, in the USA. It would seem that there are at least 3 levels of code that might apply: Fairfax County Home Improvement Code State of Virginia Residential Code International Residential Code
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? You need to contact your local building department. In the U.S., most of the residential building regulations exist at the state level, but in many states the codes can be amended by counties and even individual towns. The International Residential Code and its competitors are "model codes." States often adopt model codes (with local modifications) to avoid the cost and hassle of writing their own codes from scratch, and also because it is beneficial for codes to be harmonized so that the same building materials can be used in different locations.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? I tend to pour a cup of bleach down the line once a month. Without that at least in Florida you WILL get an algae backup in the line, which if you have bad overflow sensor can cause all kinds of fun water problems. If it is already blocked, just pour the bleach and let it sit. Eventually enough algae will die and the block will clear itself out.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? Vebjorn explains it pretty well. Codes are generally set at a local level (state, county, or city) but localities don't usually write their own codes, they usually just adopt a particular year version of a national code (e.g. the National Electric Code). They make their own ammends to those codes as well though. Technically everybody is subject to whatever codes are adopted by their locality, but in reality homeowners can get away with pretty much anything they want on their own home. Of course following the codes is recommended for safety reasons and to prevent issues that may come up during an inspection at resale. As an interesting legal side-note to this, many of the national codes are actually copyrighted works. Because of this, you actually have to pay to buy a copy of the law in order to know what the law is. I believe that this technically violates the constitution as laws cannot be copyrighted, but most localities skirt that by having a copy of the code book on hand that you can stop by and read.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? I've used the Craig's List services section, but without much luck. I don't know if it my breath or something, but even people posting ads that seem desperate for work never return my messages.
Sealing pressure treated deck, to be stained later on I have just finished building a deck from pressure treated lumber. We've put the deck to use immediately and having all our meals on it. I'm worried about greasy food morsels staining the deck. My plan is to let the wood dry/age for 2-3 years before staining it. I've read that it is recommended to wait a bit for the wood to dry and change color before staining. I've also seen that there are detergents that can remove oil stains before the actual staining. But, is there anything I can do in the meantime to protect the wood from food stains? If I seal with a water/oil repellent seal, won't that prevent the actual stain from penetrating the wood properly?
Sealing pressure treated deck, to be stained later on Angie's List is a subscription-based review service for contractors and service providers.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? We have a basement flat and we suspect that the bathroom exhaust fans do not go anywhere, which causes a fair bit of damp in the flat which manifests itself as condensation on the windows in the winter. I'd like to fit an extractor fan, or at least some sort of vent to allow the air to circulate (this should help with the condensation shouldn't it?), but don't want to drill through the wall as there is a damp proof membrane in there. Can I fit something into the window, and how do I go about cutting a hole in the glass to accommodate it? I've seen those cat-flaps that are in the windows so I assume it must be able to be done...
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? Here are some reasons that you should follow the applicable codes, even if you could "get away with" not following them: Safety: Codes are written for a reason. They address real problems, and ignoring them can cause real issues. Liability: If someone visiting you property gets hurt because you didn't follow the codes, there is a big liability issue there, possibly even criminal liability if gross negligence can be proven. Resale: If work is not done to code, you may not be able to resell the property. Future work: If you have unrelated work do in the future, you may not be able to get the work approved if other parts are not up to code. On a related not, work is supposed to conform to the code at the time that it was done. If the code changes in the future, you do not have to redo anything. However, if major remodeling is done you may have to bring everything up to the current code.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? I would be concerned that sealing the deck now might create a major problem when it comes time to stain it -- I'm thinking big blotches of different shades caused by differing amounts of stain absorption as a result of the sealing. Whereas greasy food morsels will at worst be a minor problem that will likely be completely solved by the good cleaning you're going to give the deck before staining anyway.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? Does the window open? Or is it a fixed pane? If it opens (or if you can find one the same size that opens) you could install a window exhaust fan like this one that mounts in the window frame. That way you don't have to mess with cutting a hole in the glass. Another option would bet to place a dehumidifier in the bathroom.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? I disagree with @Mike - I don't think sealing it will have much effect on the stain. Two reasons: Deck stains are typically (I'm tempted to say always) pigment stains rather than dye stains. Those deposit pigment on the surface of the wood and penetration is minimal. A sealant shouldn't interfere with that. A sealant will typically be a penetrating sealant not a film sealant, so it shouldn't interfere at all with the adherence of the later stain. That said, I'm not sure you'll see much benefit from the sealant. Penetrating sealants will certainly give you a bit more time to clean up a spill but they won't prevent a stain: that's why tabletops are usually finished with a film finish, and if they're not, you use coasters and place mats. You wouldn't want to use a film finish to a deck because it will certainly peel in short order as the wood expands and contracts under rain and sunshine. I wouldn't bother. If food gets spilled and you're worried, scrub right away with soap and water. I'll wager you won't notice any minor food marks after the stain has been applied.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from a structural standpoint? For instance: Say you used screws instead of nails on a backyard deck, when the design specifically called for nails. Would the result be inferior? Could it fail inspection? Would nails absolutely be preferable in this instance? Assume the screws are at least as thick/long as the intended nails. Are there any rules of thumb about when to use screws vs. nails?
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? In Washington State (and most, if not all other states) Any homeowner with the proper permit(s) can perform work on their home - but the work is required to be done to the applicable code, inspected and signed off, just like a professional contractor. Just because you're DIY doesn't mean you get a break from being code compliant. So when you pull a permit, the work you do is required to be compliant to the spec at the time. e.g. electrical work permitted today is generally bound to the 2008 National Electric Code (aka NFPA 70). Work I did on my house in 1999 is compliant to the 1999 NEC, but if my permit says I went and made alterations to that work done 10+ years ago, I would still have to make any upgrades to meet the 2008 spec. The difficult part is knowing what or who is the governing authority or specification regarding the work you're doing. Calling your county/city building inspector should get you the right answers when there are situations where different code bodies offer ambiguous or conflicting information. Also just visiting the website for your city/county code enforcement office (mine does this) will have guidance on what work requires permitting and what doesn't require a permit.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Using a water cooled condensing units for refrigeration is not a new idea - large chiller units have been doing this for many years, but it's not as simple as hooking up a hose and letting er rip... there's a lot of additional maintenance involved with all the cooling water infrastructure - even a simple spray evaporation cooling system requires nozzle cleanings, pump maintenance and such pretty regularly. Home AC units don't really need the efficiency boost from evaporative cooling because the air cooled condensing unit(s) are efficient enough without introducing the complexities of water lines, spray bars and a drainage system for a small direct expansion system. If the condenser is not giving you the proper heat rejection - just upsize the heat exchanger... far cheaper and more reliable right? That being said, I have a window unit AC that takes the condensate and splashes it back on the condenser fins to boost efficiency, and I know there is a model of RV air conditioner which does the same thing. It is possible this feature has been added to DX condensing units - but I have been out of the HVAC world for some years now.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Not a website, but the best way I've found to find contractors is to talk to them at other job sites. If you know where any new houses are being built near-by, run over and talk to the contractors on site. They can show you their work and recommend others that they work with too.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Cordless Impact Driver The ultimate compliment to your cordless drill - it does everything my cordless drill sucked at doing! Drives in screws without mangling the fastener head (phillips head screws anyone?) Removes rusted/stuck items like you wouldn't believe (Read: no rounded out screws or rounded off nuts/bolts) Cordless Drill will not drive a 3" screw into a stud - Impact Driver doesn't break a sweat. Compared with cordless drill, much less torque transferred to your wrist makes it more comfortable to operate
