How do I install a new, non load bearing wall in my basement? I'm looking to finish my basement and simply want to wall off the concrete blocks that make up the wall. I want to insulate it as well so that it becomes a usable family room when I'm done. How do I go about installing a wall given wooden beams in the ceiling and a concrete floor?
What kind of caulk should I use around my bathtub? I would like to recaulk between the bathtub and the ceramic-tile wall, but there are many kinds of caulking for sale. What kind should I use?
Is fiberglass mesh tape a good choice for drywall? I'm going to be doing some drywalling shortly and was wondering what experiences other have had with the self adhesive fiberglass mesh tape. Is it a good choice or am I going to regret using it?
Are there ways to determine if a wall is load bearing? Other than looking up blue prints, which many homeowners may not have, are there ways to determine if a wall is load bearing? Methods I can think of might include: Going up in the attic to check if ceiling trusses run perpendicular to the wall If the wall is an exterior wall Any others?
How do I safely replace a worn out electrical outlet? I have a number of outlets that are old and worn out (plugs fall out of them mainly.) Obviously I need to turn off the breaker to replace them safely but any guidance on how to rewire them, how to properly ground the new one, and how to safely test them once the power is back on is appreciated.
How do I repair hairline cracks in stucco? The exterior walls on my house which is made of stucco, are starting to get hairline cracks in them. Can anyone suggest a simple, cheap solution for it that doesn't require painting the whole house exterior?
Where can I find a bathroom fan that will fit in a 5" cylindrical space? The fan in the master-bathroom of my house recently stopped working. The old fan is in a 5" cylindrical housing in the ceiling and the housing is not going to come out without major work on the ceiling. Unfortunately all of my local hardware stores only seem to be stocking bathroom/vent fans that fit into 6-7" square housings. Does anyone know of a place where I can find a smaller size fan? I'm open to other suggestions as well but I'd prefer to not tear the whole bathroom ceiling apart.
Where can I find a bathroom fan that will fit in a 5" cylindrical space? I've found that it works OK, but it's more difficult to get the surface smooth than paper tape -- as the mud dries, it shrinks, so the mesh starts to show through. Obviously this is not a problem if you're going to be doing some heavy texturing afterwards.
How do I repair a small leak in a steam radiator? Could this be a big problem? One of my steam radiators has a small leak under the bottom. No hole is visible, but water drips out at a rate of a few drops per minute. Various websites suggest applying a 1 mm thick layer of J-B Weld after sanding and cleaning with acetone. Does the fact that the radiator leaks necessarily mean that it is completely rusted from the inside and that leaks will soon appear elsewhere? Or is it likely that a slow leak is not due to rust, or that the rust is in only one place? The radiator is decades old (perhaps even a century), but has been moved recently in order to repair the floor. The leak is clearly away from the valve.
How do I remove wallpaper from drywall? I know there are a lot of different ways to remove wallpaper, ranging from elbow grease to chemicals and steam machines. What way(s) work(s) best?
How do I remove wallpaper from drywall? I have used it for patching areas, but not for an entire drywall installation. It made patching in a tight space much easier. You just needed several coats of mud on top to compensate for the shrinking.
How do I remove wallpaper from drywall? I just caulked my shower last night. I used GE Silicone II caulk from Home Depot. I read up on this a little before picking out what kind I needed. From what I can tell, silicone caulk is good for bathrooms because: It's permanently waterproof It doesn't crack or shrink Another factor which may play into your choice of caulk could be whether or not it's paintable, but the most important factor for a bathroom is going to be waterproof/mold proof.
How do I remove wallpaper from drywall? It's just an ornamental wall it sounds like, so do it as cheap as you can :) Since you've got a beam in the ceiling, I'd just build a minimal frame out of 2x4s, nail it into the ceiling beams where you can, stick fiberglass insulation in the spaces between studs and then drywall over that.
How do I remove wallpaper from drywall? I just bought a permanent silicone product by GE which is guaranteed to dry in 1 hour and is mold resistant. GE 9.8 oz. White KB Supreme Silicone II Caulk
What do I need to do to add stools to my vinyl windows? I own a "cookie cutter" house built in 2006, and all of the windows are the thin vinyl kind with no trim at all, but I like the look of having a window stool. Is there a standard practice for adding stools to this type of window? Do I need to remove the drywall on the bottom and attach the stool to the frame, or can I just place it on top of the drywall?
How can I hanging something on an exterior wall with vinyl siding? My house has vinyl siding. If I want to hang something on an exterior wall, can I just attach it with screws drilled through the siding? Or do I need to do anything to prevent water from seeping in around the screws?
How can I fill a void in a concrete seawall? My concrete seawall (on a freshwater lake) has a void in a bottom corner. It seems to have been created with the void -- it's not a result of trapped water freezing and pushing out a chunk. I'd like to fill the void to avoid future possible erosion. Multiple questions: Should I fill it while it's warm and underwater (summer/fall), or dry but cold (winter)? What should I fill it with?
How to drain a baseboard radiator system for a repair? How to refill the system? I have a leak in the second zone in my baseboard radiator system. When installing some drywall in the room the previous owners nicked the copper pipe with a drywall screw, and it appears to have rusted through the pipe. I know I need to replace that section of pipe, but I can't solder the new piece in until the pipe is empty of water. How can I get all the water out of the system, and when refilling, how do I fill the system back up and get any air out?
Should old knob and tube wiring be replaced? I have been doing some electrical work in my house and I noticed it has old knob and tube wiring that is still hot, should this be replaced as found or is it fine to just leave it? It seems really old and brittle, so I'm a little concerned.
How do I find studs when stud finders won't work? I was trying to hang my TV at my new place, on an interior wall (between living room and a bathroom). Using the stud finder on other walls worked fine, but on this wall I got some very strange readings. An area of about 5 feet by 4 feet was setting off the AC warning, and studs seemed to be upto a foot wide and at irregular spacings. I ended up drilling "exploratory holes" looking for the stud, because it didn't make sense that there would be tens of power cables in the walls, equally spread between the studs (in the air space between, and the ones attached to the studs shouldn't be within a 1/2" of the drywall. The studs turned out to be simply 2x4s with 16" centers. Is there a trick I could have used rather than just drilling into the wall in exasperation?
How do I find studs when stud finders won't work? Be sure that the leak is actually in the radiator itself, and not where the valves meet the radiator body: water is very good at travelling a good distance horizontally thanks to surface tension. I check this with a bit of paper towel. If the radiator is newly installed it may well be that the hole will sort itself out by filling with mineral deposits; if it's a hot water based system there's also proprietary sealing gunk you can add to the water that'll seal small holes. If it's not new... then yes, I fear it's rusted.
What do I have to do to prepare my garage floor for paint? I'd like to paint my garage floor, possibly with textured paint. What do I have to do in order to get my garage floor, which is currently dirty and somewhat oily, ready for something like an epoxy-based, textured paint?
What do I have to do to prepare my garage floor for paint? You should probably seal it with some kind of silicone based caulk. If water seeps in behind the vinyl you'd be inviting mold and other damage. Whenever I've attached things or drilled through my siding I've always used DAP clear silicone caulk to seal around the hole.
What is the difference between a framing hammer and a claw hammer? What is the difference between a framing hammer and a claw hammer? Can they be used interchangeably?
How do I remove dried paint from ceramic tiles and the bathtub? The previous owner didn't bother to lay down a dropcloth when painting the bathroom, and there are multiple, small paint stains on the ceramic tile and bathtub. What is the best way to remove them? The only thing I can think of is to scrape it off with a razor blade, but I am afraid that it will leave scratches that are uglier than the paint stains. Edit: Note that the stains are several years old.
How do I remove dried paint from ceramic tiles and the bathtub? Do you have any high powered magnets? like the rare earth neodynium magnets? If so you can probably rub one around the wall until it attaches to one of the nails in the studs. Or you can try thumping on the wall, a stud will sound alot less hollow versus empty drywall. That's how I've searched around in the past.
How do I remove the white residue on fresh tile grout? The day after grouting my tile, a white residue formed on top of the (grey) grout. Moistening the grout makes the residue go away until it dries again. I've been told the problem is because I had too much water in my grout mixture when I applied the grout, but how can I get rid of this residue?
How do I remove the white residue on fresh tile grout? If you plan on doing much electrical work around the house, get a multi-meter. It's just a little box with black and red probes on the end. Safe enough to stick in an outlet to see if it's live or not. Outlets are mostly idiot proof. Turn off the breaker, pull it out of the box, see where the old wires are attached and move them one by one to the new outlet. Probably the old outlet already has a ground wire, in which case you're done. If it doesn't, it's probably time to call a pro. Once you have it hooked up and the power is back on, you can use the multimeter to test. There is a hot side and a neutral side to the outlet. Ground behaves the same as neutral as far as the multimeter is concerned. You should be able to stick one prob in the hot side and the other into ground or neutral and get around 110 on the multimeter (+/- 2-3 volts).
Why does my toilet's seal wear out so fast? The toilet in our only bathroom seems to go through drain seal about once a year. The flange on the drain line is old, and broken in several places, but we're able to keep everything firmly in-place none-the-less. We've tried both regular wax seals, and ones with reinforcing, both of which seem to fail much faster than designed. Are there any good tips/tricks to getting the seal to last longer (more like the 10 years others get)?
What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing? I live in New England and my asphalt driveway is showing a lot of cracks. There's also a little divot in one flat spot that collects water. What are my options for getting the driveway back to looking good, and stopping any further damage?
What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing? One way I would try is an "educated guess exploratory hole method." Try locating a stud with a stud finder on the same wall, but away from the problem area. Then, if you have a little bit of faith that your builder followed the standard 16" stud spacing, measure over and drill at 16" intervals.
What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing? I've used mineral spirits to remove everything from paint to roofing tar. Takes a bit of rubbing to do it but it usually pulls it off. I'd recommend trying it on an inconspicuous area first to make sure it doesn't do any damage, mineral spirits is powerful stuff.
What are my options for asphalt driveway repair and/or sealing? It depends :) It really depends on how old the wallpaper is, if there are multiple wallpapers glued over each other and how much glue was used. If the wallpaper is not too old, and was put on in a proper way, usually, a steamer works very well. It has the advantage that it loosens the glue without making the wallpaper to fragile to pull it off. I usually try to stay away from chemicals, because they always have some danger for health associated.
Is there a trick to applying caulk using a caulk-gun? Perhaps it is just me, but no matter how careful I try to be, any attempt to apply caulk or cement or anything with a caulking gun into a crack results in total mess. The main problems that seem to be causing this are: 1: The caulk doesn't "stick down" so as I pull the gun over the crack it drags the tendril of caulk along with it. 2: As demonstrated on every home improvement show, I run my finger along the caulk line to press it down into the crack, but it inevitably squishes out on the tile or sticks to my finger and makes a big mess. Is there some trick that I just don't know that makes a good clean caulk line?
How can I paint over a ceiling after there's been a leak? We had a leak in our upstairs bathroom, about 2 weeks after we had a new ceiling put up and painted in the room below. It wasn't a major leak, but it caused quite a wide line to show up on the ceiling. I've painted over the line 3 times now, but it just keeps reappearing, is there anything I can do to stop the water mark from showing up?
How can I paint over a ceiling after there's been a leak? The siding needs to remain free to expand and contract. So cutting at least a slot , then hanging something through that would work, but would be unsightly, and would leak water through the hole. So I think that finding some kind of gasket or trim piece (such as is found where your vents protrude through siding) and trimming with J-channel all around it would look better and would be less prone to leaks.
How can I paint over a ceiling after there's been a leak? You shouldn't have to do anything too special, but here are a few tips from my experience: Use a treated board for the bottom of the wall where it touches the concrete. This will help to prevent rotting from any moisture that may seep up from the concreate. Build the whole wall on the ground just a bit shorter than the lowest joist/beam so you can easily raise it into place without it getting stuck. At the bottom secure it with cement nails/ramset/tapcon screws to the cement floor. At the top, if the wall is perpendicular to the joists, you can shim between the bottom of the beams and the top of the wall and nail through those to attach it to the joists/beams. If the wall runs parallel to the beams/joists you can either put scraps between the beams and nail to those or you can attach a scrap of 2x4 flatwise to the wall and up against a stud, attach it to the cement wall, then nail through the stud and into the side of the scrap. Do that for every other stud or so.
What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage? I just added on to my pole-barn garage, it now has 1500 square feet. There is a single flourecent (and door opener) lighting it currently. I would like to add some serious lighting as I work on my cars, and do woodworking in there, unlike the previous owner. The ceiling height goes from 12-16', is this too short for high bay lighting? Is there something more economical than high-bay?
What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage? Use two of the wax seals stacked on top of one another. It takes more squishing to set the toilet down, but the seal is a lot more resilient to shifting. My plumber gave me this tip, and it seems to have worked the two times I used it.
What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage? I purchased a garage floor epoxy kit It contained very detailed instructions on how to prep the floor. It also had muriatic acid in it to etch the floor before painting on the epoxy. One tip I would give is to have someone help you put it on. You only have a limited time to work with the epoxy once the two parts are mixed. If you have one person cutting in and one person rolling on the main part, it is much easier to get it done in the setup time of the epoxy.
What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft? Probably, due to faulty insulation/damp barrier, there is a cold draft coming through one of the upstairs baseboard. What is a good method to seal it? (It is a rented house, so, no I do not want to fix the source of the problem)
What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft? Something like this (not this) should show you quickly if your current plugs are wired correctly, and should also test the ground. If you've got a good ground, then replacing the socket should be just a matter of: Turning off the breaker Unscrew and disconnect the socket Re-strip the ends of the wires if needed Attach the new socket to the same three wires Screw the new socket in Turn on the breaker Test the socket with your fancy tester If you don't have good ground, then you might not have a ground wire running into the box, which makes this alot harder, and you might want to call a real electrician at that point.
What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft? The methods you describe are probably the best, but if you can actually see the wall, a load bearing wall will generally have a double top plate but a non-load bearing wall usually won't.
What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft? A variation to the "educated guess exploratory hole method" is to use a small finish nail (longer than the drywall thinkness) and "explore" by nailing that in near the floor boads. If it moves free after hitting it in, you are not in the stud, move 1.5" to the left or right and try again. After you find the stuf, use a level or plumb bob to trace up the wall. The holes will be so small and near the floor so you can easily patch or paint over then. I have also removed the baseboard in the past and put the nails in there, that way the holes would be covered when you put the baseboard back on. Scott mentioned magnets, I have also used a stud finding magnet, that you run all over the wall and it will find the screws / nails that the drywallers used. These nails / screws will be over a stud.
What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft? A straight razor blade shouldn't cause any trouble on your ceramic tile (assuming it has a smooth finish) or an enameled tub, but a fiberglass tub you're right to worry about. Depending on the number of stains you're trying to remove you may find that heating the surface a bit by filling the tub with hot water then draining again will weaken their hold on the tub enough that you may be able to remove them with gentle scraping with a putty knife (being careful not to dig into the tub's surface).
What is a good method to seal a baseboard to stop an existing draft? First of all, buy a good drip free caulking gun. Make sure you cut the tip of the caulk on an angle. If you want a perfectly straight line on each side, put painters tape on each side of the area you want to caulk. Then just pull it up before the caulk dries. If you do not want to use your finger to smooth it, the little squeegie like tools that you can get at hardware stores work well. Another option is to use the plastic credit card samples you get in the mail when they want you to apply for a new credit card.
How can I repair a Palruf roof? I've installed a couple of transparent Palruf PVC sheets for a treehouse roof. I've gotten some small (several inch) holes in it that I'd like to patch up. I have some small pieces of Palruf left over that I was contemplating using to patch up the existing roof. Any thoughts on adhesives or techniques for this, or better approaches? This is a treehouse, but I'd like to keep the rain from pouring in.
How can I repair a Palruf roof? I read on several DIY websites that recommended taping blue painter's tape the width of the bead you want to lay down. I tried it last night on my shower, and it worked fairly well. Here's what I did: Clean and dry area to be caulked Put tape on both sides of joint Caulk (my initial pass looked pretty messy) Use your finger or a caulk smoothing tool to get rid of excess IMMEDIATELY remove painter's tape by pulling away from the joint at a 45 degree angle At this point, I noticed that there was a slight ridge from where the tape pulled out from behind the bead. If it's really bad, then re-smooth the joint. PS: I just used a cheap $5 caulk gun I picked up at Home Depot
How can I repair a Palruf roof? Stains will usually come right through a new coat of paint. Did you prime it first? In my experience I've found that a good oil (or even better, shellac) based primer works best for keeping stains from bleeding through the paint.
How can I repair a Palruf roof? Leave it to dry thoroughly. This might take several weeks, I'm afraid. Once dry, try an exterior-grade primer before two or three more coats of paint.
How can I repair a Palruf roof? For many houses, a wall running down the middle of the house, parallel with the roof ridgeline is nearly always load bearing. You also may have easier access to the basement to check joist direction.
What are the tools that every Do-it-Yourselfer must own? What are the tools that every DIY'er should have? This is a community wiki as there is no one right answer. Instructions: One item per answer (so they can be voted on - answers with multiple items will be voted down) Clear formatting like this: [ITEM NAME] [Reason why item is essential/useful/good] [Photo / other info]
What are the tools that every Do-it-Yourselfer must own? A cordless drill No doubt about it. I bought a DeWalt 14.4V three years ago, and it's been invaluable to me.
What are the tools that every Do-it-Yourselfer must own? I personally find a Mark One Digital Manipulator does the job! Seriously: use your fingernail. Alternatively, choose an appropriately hard scraper of some kind. A razor blade should be fine on good-quality gloss-finish ceramic tile, but I'd use a hard plastic knife of some kind on a plastic tub.
Does liquid aerification work? I have terrible soil in my yard, because the builder scraped off most of the topsoil and sold it. I need to aerate the yard and get some more nutrients in it. Has anyone tried any of the liquid aerification products? I tried Aerify Plus, but it hasn't been long enough to judge if it is helping.
Does liquid aerification work? Yes definitely. In some spots, knob and tube is a deal breaker for a house sale and must be replaced before the house is sold. It's fairly dangerous to have around, even more so if it's brittle. I'd hire an electrician if you're not comfortable replacing it all yourself.
Does liquid aerification work? I'd probably try for a mix of natural light, fluorescent, and point lights. The natural light will be the most economical, but obviously fails at night. The fluorescent lighting should give you enough light for most working conditions. And the point lights should help for when you need to do detail work or get under the hood of your cars. You can find point lights on articulated arms, that way you can just grab and move the light to wherever you need it. Mounting an arm or two on each pole would probably be enough.
Does liquid aerification work? There may be issues with your insurance company. I recently bought a house and asked two insurance companies about the knob-and-tube wiring. Liberty Mutual said that they would insure the house, but would require that the knob-and-tube wiring be removed within 30 days by an electrician. Met Life said that they would not be able to insure the house until the knob-and-tube wiring had been removed.
Does liquid aerification work? The advice my family once got from an electrician on this question was that if you have low amperage service and NEVER touch it, you're probably okay. If you have regular electrical service or touch the circuits at all, remove ALL of it. His basic theory was that if you keep the wires cool, and they haven't caused you trouble yet, it's unlikely to cause a problem. Granted that advice was about 15 years ago and none of that wiring is improving with age. Once you touch the lines at all, rip it all out. It's very likely that you will introduce a problem between the coating and the wire. The house we were dealing with went another 10 years before we needed to rewire one of the old circuits. Once that happened we rewired the entire house all at once. If you're concerned at all, turn off the affected circuits, and get rid of it. Better safe than sorry on this one.
Which water heater types do you recommend? I would like to upgrade my current water heater with one that Is able to produce/store more heated water so I won't run out Energy efficient Inexpensive What are the advantages/disadvantages to each different kind? What would you recommend and why?
Which water heater types do you recommend? A circular saw of course. And don't skimp - you'll use it enough that it's worthwhile to spend the money and get a decent (and light) one.
Which water heater types do you recommend? Generally, it is a good idea to replace it, especially if you can easily access it. One thing you don't want to do, is replace part of a circuit. Then the next guy might see the new romex and make some assumptions about the rest of the wiring. The other time you really really should replace it is if it runs through insulation, especially blown-in cellulose. That is a serious fire hazard. Knob and tube was designed to use open space as an insulator.
Which water heater types do you recommend? Spray foam maybe? They sell it at local stores here, I believe it's called "Great Stuff". You spray it in cracks and it expands to fill the gap.
How can I pour a concrete pad with a circular hole in it? Essentially, I'd like to put down a concrete pad for a patio, but leave a couple of circular areas within that patio unpaved (for planting shrubs). I'm familiar with the techniques for using dimensional lumber for angular concrete pads, and even using plywood for curved ones, but is there a clever trick or something for creating say a 3' diameter unpaved area within a concrete pad aside from trying to bend plywood planks into a circle?
How do I sound-proof a bathroom? I think most people would agree that sound proofing a bathroom is a swell idea. Since bathrooms are special rooms (high humidity), what are some tips and techniques you can use to sound proof one without running into water/mold problems down the line? I am asking in the context of a bathroom in the process of being remodeled. This allows major "design" changes but probably not significant structural changes.
Should I use a subfloor for a finished basement's floor? We are refinishing our basement and have not yet decided what to do for the floors. Part of the basement will be tile, and we are all set. However, the rec room side is going to be carpet. The basement is dry, and we have never had any water or moisture issues. Some research has said to simply lay carpet like normal, with a thinker pad on the concrete. While OK, I am worried a little about the coldness, a vapor barrier, and the comfort level (too hard on concrete). One carpet guys said they make special pads that are vapor or moisture proof and will not have mold issues and are made for concrete floors. Other people has said to lay .5"-1" foam board down, and then install plywood on top of that. That would help to insulate, make it feel like a normal floor, and provide a good moisture barrier) But this would cost more in labor and materials, and cut into the height of the room (it is 7'8"). And although we have not had water issues, heaven forbid if we did, this would be a major pain to rip it out. What has everyone else done? Any recommendations?
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? Is there a sure-fire way to get rust stains off of an enamel sink?
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? Good levels of different sizes
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? A power miter saw (compound if possible). It will cut anything you'd cut with a circular saw (other than large sheets), and you'll also be able to cut any trim pieces you'll ever need. Adding and replacing trim is a relatively easy thing to do and can quickly add value and better the appearance of a house. Few things come as close the a bang-for-the-buck arena.
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? A steamer is by far the best option: I've had great success even with multiple layers of woodchip. (Ugh!) It can definitely help to rough the surface of the paper before steaming, especially if it's been painted. If it's a real mess then it is actually feasible to plaster over paper, but I'd personally not recommend that approach unless you know a good plasterer or can do it yourself easily.
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? A good-quality stud finder See also: What should I look for when choosing a stud finder?
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? Hammers and screwdrivers. You aren't going to get much done without them... A good jigsaw can be very helpful for many tasks as well.
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? A ratchet with a gator-grip head. That is, unless unlike myself, you really like digging through a toolbox full of sockets for every job and can't identify the sizes on sight. BTW: I have no interest in the company that makes Gator-grip, I just didn't know the generic name for this type of tool (if there is one).
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? I have a tankless heater, and I love it for the efficiency (energy and space wise) and of course the endless hot water. But there are some drawbacks: There is a minimum flow rate required for it to "fire up". That flow rate is high enough that you won't get hot water out of a faucet unless it's turned all the way over to "hot" and on full blast. In general, getting hot/warm water out of faucets is just a pain in the butt. This may be solved with newer models, but something to look out for. There is a limited flow rate. So, if you're taking a nice hot shower and the washing machine kicks on, you could be in for a blast of cold water and a sudden drop in water pressure. Make sure the unit is sized appropriately for the number of hot-water using items you plan to use at any given time.
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? It sounds to me like the area you are caulking is not clean. Especially for tile, you need to make sure to really clean the area you will be caulking, as dust and soap scum will make it tough for the caulk to stick. Also, make sure you are using the correct kind of caulk for the job.
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? A laser level (a cheap one will do just fine).
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? A good, stiff measuring tape
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? I'd look for something else cheap that is about the correct size, cover it with plastic sheeting and use it to keep the concrete out. Ideally it would be something flexible (or breakable :-)) so you can get it out when you are done.
How can I remove rust stains from enamel sink? Complete socket wrench set for 1/4", 3/8", and 1/2" drives and box/closed end wrenches. Should include shallow and deep sockets. Places like Sears will carry an affordable portable fitted toolbox with all the sockets and wrenches.
What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet? We had new carpet installed with a thicker pad. Now the pocket doors stick on the carpet. What is the best way to get at them to adjust them? The best options I have come up with is to remove the trim (which I do not want to do) or cut a hole in the drywall and repair it (which I may do).
What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet? To prevent the messiness when smoothing it out with your finger, have a moist sponge handy. Smooth out a couple feet of calk, then wipe your finger on the sponge to get the excess caulk off and keep your finger moist.
What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet? My wife and I just renovated a house that had 5 layers of wallpaper in the living room (including the "Hay" wallpaper from circa 1985) and we bought two steamers and went to town. It was the best solution we found. You don't have to spend a lot, just get the inexpensive plastic steamer unless you plan on doing it for a living. She did re-use the steamers several more times for her painting business and they still work well. Matt
What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet? Set of standard and metric allen keys.
What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet? Speed square
What is the best way to adjust pocket doors stuck on carpet? It is hard to say without seeing them in person, but a lot of times there is some way to detach them from the track they are on. I would look carefully at the track to see if there is a removable section.
How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced I have a nice free-standing claw-foot tub. It was re-finished poorly by a previous homeowner and now we're getting white flakes in the water. There are also rust spots in a couple of places. There seem to be several techniques for refinishing tubs but I'd like to do it right. What should I be looking for as I shop for contractors to do the job? What questions do I need to be asking?
How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced A dremel with various bits: cut-off wheel, stone, sandpaper, polisher, etc.
How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced Needle-nose pliers These are the most often used tool in my toolbox, not that they ever make it back into the toolbox.
How to have a free-standing bathtub resurfaced Note that, at least currently, tankless water heaters don't always pay for themselves in some parts of the country. Here in New England, the cold water temperature is too cold to make them worth it, though this should change soon. It also depends on if you have a gas or electric model (for both tank and tankless, gas is cheaper). Given the speed that tankless heaters have been improving, I am planning on waiting another 5 years or so, especially since I just replaced my old tank 6 months ago.
I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow? I added insulation to my attic rafters and plugged the space between the outdoors and my attic with insulation. It lowered my heating bill by $150/month, but I've seen some information that I may have made a mistake by cutting off the airflow in my attic. Did I make a mistake, and if so, how can I properly insulate my attic? There's already insulation in the floor.
I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow? Try careful knocking while listening with a stetoscope. Knocks on the studs will sound less hollow.
I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow? I have had good luck with the Kilz brand of primer, but I'm sure any quality stain hiding primer would work well.
What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter? What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter (AFCI) and where should they be used?
What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter? If the gap isn't too big, regular caulk will seal the gap between it and the wall. If you're using it at the top of the baseboard and can get it in the same color as the baseboard, you might not even have to paint it.
What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter? In my experience, framing hammers are generally larger and heavier, have a straighter "claw" and are more suited to the demands of framing. They provide less accuracy but more force, which is nice. And the straighter claw is good for prying boards apart. If you only have one hammer, you want a claw, but if you are doing a lot of framing, a framing hammer is a nice addition.
What is an Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter? One very important thing that others have not mentioned - If the outlet is in a kitchen in an older home, it will often have separate circuits for the top and bottom plug. So, if that's the case, make sure BOTH circuits are off, and when you put the new outlet in, make sure you break off the little tab that connects the top and bottom wire connectors on both sides of the outlet (note that you ONLY do this if there are two circuits on the outlet. Leave the tab on if there's only one)
How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking? really hope someone here can come up with an idea to get me out of this one: I recently laid a new floor in my dining room, it's solid oak and it actually looks quite good considering I put it down! Only problem is, it's quite creaky when you walk on it. I asked a few friends (one contractor builder, the rest just amateur DIY'ers like me) about the best way to lay it, and they all said to install it as a "floating" floor. So I went out and bought a load of fixing clips, and as I went along, I put one clip about every 3 foot from each other between each strip of flooring. Now I'm not so sure if that was needed, as I was laying it onto existing floorboards. I'm pretty sure it's the fixing clips which are causing the floor to creak, but I don't think I'm going to be able to lift it all up (without damaging it all), as the clips are holding it all together pretty tight. Any ideas on how I can stop the creaking?
How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking? Framing hammers typically have heavier heads and longer handles, and the face is usually not flat (I think the claw is less curved as well).
How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking? The point of allowing airflow to reach the outside is so hot air can escape. If it doesn't escape then it will heat up the roof/rafters and cause snow to melt and then turn to ice. This can damage your roof in a number of ways. Also, moisture will be trapped in the attic and can cause mold or damage to the structure. I believe the optimum way to insulate your attic is to insulate the floor of the attic very well but allow the air above that to escape (ie. insulate the ceiling of the attic poorly)
How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking? I've found that if you push the tip of the caulk gun forward along the line rather than drag it behind you can often make a very neat bead of caulk that needs little or no smoothing afterwards.
How can I stop new solid oak floor from squeaking? I've found you don't need a steamer or special chemicals. If you do use a steamer, be really careful not to damage the wall. Plaster will break apart, for example. Instead, I've used one of those wallpaper scoring tools to cut small holes in the surface. Then, apply hot water from a spray bottle liberally over the paper and let sit for 30 minutes or so. It should then start peeling away easily with a scraper. Of course this depends on the type of glue used. If this doesn't cut it, you may need to mix some kind of glue solvent in the sprayer. This process worked on a circa 1950's house on plaster walls.
How do I make a lamp cord stick to drywall? Because trying to fish electrical wire through the walls and ceilings of my old house was too daunting, I have resorted to using a lamp cord to power a ceiling-mounted light from an existing outlet on the wall. How do I make the cord stick to the drywall? I tried hot glue, but it didn't hold. And cable clips (white plastic loops with nails) fell right out of the drywall.
How do I make a lamp cord stick to drywall? You don't want to plug the space between the outdoors and the attic. As Joe mentioned, that will cut off airflow in the attic and cause ice dams in the winter. It will also keep your attic VERY hot in the summer, and raise your AC costs. Ideally you want a "cold" attic - lots of insulation between the ceiling and the attic, and no insulation between the attic and the roof, along with plenty of soffit and ridge vents to keep the air circulating up there.
How do I make a lamp cord stick to drywall? Don't - they make special conduit just for that. You can pick it up at Home Depot/Lowes/etc.
How do I make a lamp cord stick to drywall? You can buy air ducts that staple to the inside of your roof above the eave vents and fit between the rafters. The will hold open an air gap of approximately 1 inch to allow airflow past a layer of insulation. The ones I've used are made of styrofoam and IIRC they cost around $2. You should be able to find them near the insulation in your home improvement store. EDIT: They are called baffles or rafter vents; this is how they're installed:
How do you descale a dishwasher heating element? I've tried something I got at Lowes (with the wax plug, you put upside down) and CLR. The CLR worked the best, but didn't really get it off and it's building up again. I've heard vinegar will work if you use it regularly.
Where should I start tiling my bathroom wall? The bathroom I'm about to tile has a complex layout, and I've never put tile on a wall before. Let me see if I can paint a verbal picture... The room is approx. 6'("short side") by 10'("long side"). The short side has the door on one end, and a window centered above the tub on the far end. The window is about 3' above the tub and (used to be) a typical household window. The tub stretches from one side of the room to the other. Toilet and sink are along the long side. The tile would extend from the door jamb about 5' from the floor, over the tub where it goes up to near the celing, around the back wall over the window, then back down again and across behind the toilet and sink. So I have a couple features that influence, I believe, where I start tiling--the window and the tub. I believe I should start at the window and tile outward, which ensures the tile is centered on that spot. However I'll probably end up with oddly cut tiles at every single corner in the bathroom. Another option is to start centered directly above the tub. That way the tile grows up with regular sized tiles until the window, which would end up with oddly cut tile around it. I'm afraid that when I get down to the nasty business I'll end up picking the wrong way, and every time I go in the damned bathroom I'll look at it and obsess about my decision. Which is it--window outwards, or tub upwards? Or is there even a third option I should pick?
Where should I start tiling my bathroom wall? An arc fault circuit interrupter (AFCI) contains electronics that detect sudden bursts of current, faster than a circuit breaker would trip. This is intended to prevent fire from arcs. An arc fault circuit interrupter (AFCI) is different from the more common ground fault circuit interrupter (GFCI).
Where should I start tiling my bathroom wall? Metal landscape edging (the kind that's held in with stakes) should work fairly well. You could either just leave it there or cover it in plastic and remove it after the concrete sets (personally, I'd leave it).
Where should I start tiling my bathroom wall? I like it since it generally goes on quite a bit faster. The only place I don't like it is for inside corners. It's much easier to get a nice clean corner with paper tape since it has that convenient seam down the middle for folding it.
Where should I start tiling my bathroom wall? Screwdriver set Your exact types will differ by country, but you likely want: Slot-head (2 or 3 sizes) Phillips (atleast size #3, maybe #2 and #4) Robertson (atleast red, green, and black) Rubber handles will save your hands after a bit of use. Also, try to find black tipped drivers, as this means they're hardened and shouldn't wear down as quickly.
Where should I start tiling my bathroom wall? There are many sizes of conduit (also known as trunking) available that should do the job. Some are even self-adhesive. Alternatively it is possible to replace the nails on cable clips with screws and drill/plug those into drywall, but the result is very ugly. Also, consider that the lamp cord need not take the most direct route. Most old houses have wires that go in very strange directions: I've seen some go up into the ceiling, along to a cupboard, down two floors, then back up a floor to the lightswitch!
How well do metal inside corner beads work? I'm currently doing some drywalling in my basement, and the biggest PITA for me is always finishing the inside corners. Recently I saw at Home Depot they have these metal inside corner bead pieces. They pretty much look just like an outside corner bead, but smooth and with paper tape around the edges. They certainly look like they would make things a lot easier, but does anyone have any experience with using those?
How well do metal inside corner beads work? Pocket doors can usually be adjusted by turning/twisting an adjustment screw at the top (sometimes a wheel at the bottom depending on the door). The door should allow for this adjustment somewhere without removing anything.
What's a good way to anchor the central bolts of a pair of gates? So I've a pair of new handsome wrought-iron gates for the bottom of my (tarmac) drive. The gates each have a long thin "bolt" that is intended to go into a hole in the drive itself. My initial feeling is that a couple of short lengths of metal tube set into concrete should hold them nicely. But, I'm concerned they'll soon fill with mud or earth or leaves and turn into a maintenance headache. Any guidance? Should the tube be long (in which case I'll need a deep hole) or short (but this might fill up faster?) Would a bit of old copper tube I've got about the place do the job?
What's a good way to anchor the central bolts of a pair of gates? Rubber mallet - good for things where a hammer will just dent things - also good for adjusting things with taps.
What's a good way to anchor the central bolts of a pair of gates? A house in San Carlos CA, Having 50% knob-and-tube, 50% 1980 romex: Insurance was no problem: No company cared (I ended up getting it from Travelers, via GEICO). So, I wouldn't let the insurance stories scare you until you pick up the phone and ask. What they do care about is the type of Circuit breakers you have. The modern ones that look like switches, or the old wire ones (that burn). That may be an issue if you have the old plugs. knob-and-tube has 2 disadvantages: Theoretical fire hazard: you see, they need to be able to "breathe". That is why they say that it is a problem to insulate over K&T. And why everyone will say, that if "you touch it" you may disturb it and hence you should remove it. They have no grounding. So that "3rd" leg some appliances may have even if your socket accepts it, will do nothing. That is a higher risk of getting an electric shock. Recommendation: It might be a problem with putting things "on paper" vs. verbally, but I interviewed many electricians and 3 permit employees (since I was remodeling the kitchen and "touched' some of the old K&T). My experience is that most of them, when not motivated to just make money out of you, say that K&T is just fine, there are plenty of old houses with it and you don't really see houses go up in flames around you do you? and when fire happens on the news, when did you hear that it was blamed on old K&T system (most likely you hear it was a heater or candles) my personal comclusion, if it is not broken, don't fix it. do it only if you are doing some other thing which justifies the work. Expect $3,000 to $10,000 to re-wire the house or portion of it (I only needed 50%, and I had some walls and ceiling open anyway) notice that some electricians put in the quoted work the electric work, but you will have some cleanup work of patching walls and painting after they are done Expect anything from $3000 to $10,000.
What's a good way to anchor the central bolts of a pair of gates? I would use a sound proofing insulation in the walls, then instead of using normal drywall, use a moisture resistant or mold resistant type. Thicker drywall will also help with sound deadening. At last resort, put in a super loud ceiling fan that turns on with the light, that way even if it'll cover up the sound of you peeing. :)
What's a good way to anchor the central bolts of a pair of gates? If it were my house I'd get painting! Paint is intended to seal hairline cracks of this kind. Depending on your locality you may find that it's feasible to spray a paint finish over stucco, which can be by far the easiest and cheapest way to do it.
What's a good way to anchor the central bolts of a pair of gates? Best thing you can do is ask for references. Call some people who had their tub refinished several years ago and see how it's holding up. I've had this done a few times and it's a bit of a black art. They have to be really meticulous with their prep work or the new finish won't last. Also, you need to be careful what you clean it with after they refinish it! Abrasive cleaners will destroy the finish.
What is the best method to patch a large hole (2-3 inches) in drywall? I have a large hole where a TV wall mount once was (I believe the hole was used to run power and coax cable to the TV). I have since moved the TV and would like to patch the hole. What is the best way to do this?
What is the best method to patch a large hole (2-3 inches) in drywall? They sell dry-wall patches for this purpose.
What can be done to fix a squeak in stairs? This might be better suited as a community wiki, what do you think? My parents house has very squeaky stairs. The house is over 100 years old, so it's to be expected. What can be done to fix a squeak in stairs, and prevent new ones from cropping up?
What can be done to fix a squeak in stairs? Correct way to do it as instructed on 'Canada's worst Handyman': cut a piece of strapping (wood) that will be a couple inches longer than the hole on each side. put the strapping inside the hole and attach it using a couple of drywall screws so that it is across the hole. cut a piece of drywall that is the same size as the hole, as close as you can get attach the patch to the strapping with a drywall screw mud, sand, paint. Same process works for larger holes and also on the ceiling which can be tricky.
What can be done to fix a squeak in stairs? Use a drywall repair patch. They are cheap and easy to find at the big box stores. And here's a video on how to do it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvtoikKG318
What can be done to fix a squeak in stairs? The squeak is typically caused by a joint between two pieces of wood having worked loose over the years. Personally I'd leave it alone; if you don't want squeaks, move to a new house! But seriously: you may find that working small fine fillets of wood between the joints that are creaky may provide temporary relief. I'd not want to go so far as screwing the joints together or (yuck!) glueing them, as while this will solve the problem it's a very destructive thing to do to old woodwork.
What can be done to fix a squeak in stairs? Stairs squeak because the stair board is not staying flush with the board underneath and the movement creates the squeaking noise. In order to remove this, you must find the place the moves and nail or screw it tight to the underlying board. This will remove any squeaking noises.
How do I add an exhaust fan to an old attic? Our house's attic retains a great deal of heat during summer. While we now have a good layer of insulation between the attic and the rest of the house I wonder if it would be worth it to add some kind of exhaust fan. We live in a mid-Atlantic state so we have to contend with both 100°F summer days and 0°F winter nights. The house still has the original slate roof so adding a typical roof-based system isn't an option. There are three small circular windows that provide some air flow, but not much. My thought was to install a fan in one of those windows to force a cross breeze during warm days. Is this likely to save us any energy (given that the fan will have to draw some power)? Are there options for solar-powered small window exhaust fans out there?
Can I sand bamboo floors? I have prefinished bamboo floors in the kitchen and they are not in a good shape. I was wondering if i can sand them. Somebody told me that i can't send prefinished floors (oak or bamboo), somebody else said i can.
Can I sand bamboo floors? This won't answer all of your questions but it may be something to think about: Consider using a solar panel to power the fan. If you only need it running when it's hot (the sun is out) then it makes sense to use solar panel. It can run all day long without incurring energy costs.
How should I paint cedar and pressure-treated pine? I recently built a fence from white cedar (pickets) and pressure-treated pine (posts and rails). I have been told that I need to wait before painting or staining the fence in order to give the cedar oil and treatment a chance to dry out, but how long should I wait? (People have told me everything from a few weeks up to a year.) Is it best to stain or paint? If I paint, should I use a primer first, or can I go ahead with the first coat of paint? Should the pressure-treated pine be oiled or treated in some way before staining or painting?
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? I have vinyl siding on my new home. Starting about a week ago, one segment of siding detached on one end and is drooping. The other side is attached just fine. I tried snapping it back into place, as it looks like each is just supposed to stay in place by snapping into each other. That lasts for about a few hours, and it starts to sag in the middle and eventually the same end detaches and droops again. My father in law suggested using a galvanized nail and hammer in the siding, but seems like a brute force bandaid. Is he right? What should I do to fix this?
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? I've heard to wait a year for it to fully dry out (so you could stain it next summer). I've also heard that you should never paint treated wood, and only use stains specifically designed for treated wood. I would talk to the guys at your local paint specialty store though as they would probably know a lot more about that than anyone and be able to tailor their advice to your specific locality (cold winters? hot summers? near salt water? etc.)
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? It seems that you can refinish it, pretty much just like any hardwood floor. However bamboo has a very low burn temperature, so you need to be careful with the sander that you don't burn it.
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? Even though the panels snap to each other they are nailed to the wall at the top edge of the panel. So it's probably a good idea to nail it back. Just make sure it's a little loose because the panels expand and shrink a lot depending on outside temperature.
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? Since the house is 100 years old, the stairs are probably constructed using a tapered groove and wedge system. The stringers typically had tapered dados cut into them to receive the stair treads. Wedges were tapped in with glue underneath the tread to lock the tread into place. Check if this is the case by looking under the stairs. Hopefully the underside is accessible, if not you might have to remove some drywall or plaster. If the stairs are constructed using tapered dados, please don't nail or screw the treads in to stop the squeak. It might work for a year or two, but the treads will expand and contract, loosening the fasteners which will then squeak worse than ever. Assuming you can get to the underside, find the squeaky stairs. If the wedges are still there and sound, remove them, clean them, apply glue to the faces and tap them back into place with a hammer, tightening up the stair tread. If, as is often true, the wedges are missing or splintered/broken, cut a new wedge using an existing wedge as a model.
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? It really depends on the floor. Some flooring is very thin layers over particle board, so sanding can easily eat through all the top layer. Other flooring is thicker. If you can, see if you can figure out the manufacturer and type. If not, the best thing to do is find a place where experiments will not be visible and try sanding. In a kitchen, one great option is under the fridge or dishwasher. If those are easy to roll out of the way, you can get a sander and give it a shot.
How can I fix drooping vinyl siding? AFCI's detect patterns of current that usually indicate some sort of electrical problem. Unlike a GFCI which is making sure that current going out = current coming back, AFCI's try to look for electrical usage that would not trip a GFCI but might be something causing an electrical fire. Most code now requires them for bedroom circuits. The one major drawback for them is that some stuff tricks them into tripping. Often times larger machines with motors, like a vacuum cleaner or power tool can trip them. They are still a good thing to have, just be aware of this limitation
Why not put a vent that pushes air from the attic into house? I have this idea, and since it seems logical to me, but I don't see it anywhere I suspect I am missing something.. so here it is: Why not put a vent that pushes air from the attic into house? At summer, everyone wants to exhaust the hot attic air outside, makes sense. Winter time, the attic still gets hotter, quicker, on cold *sunny day then my house (because I have little direct sun into my house, but also in any well insulated house). why not use the greenhouse "attic" effect, and have a vent sucking the hot air from the attic into the house? you could have that fan linked to a thermostat, only pushing air when attic temp > house temp... seems easy and cheap, what am I missing?
What is low VOC paint? What is low VOC paint, and what is the durability like when compared with 'standard' oil or acrylic based paints?
What is low VOC paint? Depends on your climate I guess, but around here in the winter my roof is covered with snow and the attic is cold even on a sunny day. It seems that if your attic is warmer than your house in the winter, then you either have an insulation or ventilation problem.
What is low VOC paint? A good set of channel lock pliers (multiple sizes). Use them on almost every job, especially plumbing.
What is low VOC paint? There's an alternative to @dilbert789's solution when you're dealing with holes this small: cut a rectangle of drywall about three inches larger than your damaged area in both dimensions. score the back of the drywall one inch in from each edge. break the drywall at the score line, and then remove the drywall from the paper. trace the drywall portion of the patch onto the wall, over the damaged area. (the part that's still solid, not the paper that's 2" larger on each side) cut out along that line. test plug for fit, and if necessary, clean up the edge some put down some drywall mud on the inside of the lip of paper. insert the patch into the hole mud over the edges let dry, sand, and paint. I would still use @dilbert789's answer for larger holes, though, or anything in the ceiling, but I had a few incidents of wrestling with strapping when repairing similarly sized holes (fists, doorknobs, etc.), as you need to hold the new reinforcement, the screwdriver, a screw, etc, which gets difficult to juggle for one person.
What is low VOC paint? A reciprocating saw (a.ka. sawzall) - Makes short work of any tearout job. Gets into places that other saws can't. Great stand-in for a chainsaw outside (for small stuff)
What is low VOC paint? Aside from the fact that your attic can be very dirty, you need to be concerned about the following: If you have any gas heating equipment in the attic (central heat, water heater(s)), they may not meet regulations to allow them to be connected to the house's main air supply. You can run a major carbon monoxide (CO) risk from improper ventilation of gas-burning equipment. Pest control companies can use harsher "dusting" pesticides in attic spaces - stuff you really don't want joining you in the house. Insulation is often loose and can irritating. If you have a much older house that might have asbestos insulation, then you have other problems as well. When you pull air out of the attic, it's repopulated by the air from outside. If the air outside is very cold, your attic could reach new low temperatures, freezing pipes or causing other damage. (This may or may not happen, but it's something I would make sure of before attempting this.)
How can I add/alter wiring inside single-brick walls? Our house is full-brick. Double-brick on the exterior walls and single-brick for every internal wall. It was built in 1979 (I guess they liked to do things properly then). We've only ever had the opportunity once of adding new electrical items to the single-brick walls (like a heated towel rail, new light switch and powerpoint), when we were renovating as the electrican had to chase a huge chunk out of the wall, lay the cables, and then the hole was filled back up and painted over. That's a pretty major operation. Is there any other way that we can add or modify the electrical items inside a single brick wall? We now want to run CAT5 and we've got all the external walls done, but not the internals.
How can I add/alter wiring inside single-brick walls? VOC = Volatile Organic Chemicals. Basically, it's the stuff that gives you that 'fresh paint' smell, but it also can cause problems for people with sensitivities even after you've aired out the painted room, as the paint will continue to out-gas. There also exist 'VOC free' paints, not just 'low VOC'. I can't comment on the durability specifically; it's possible that other aspects of the paint may be a more significant factor.
Is air conditioner installation a DIY project? We got a bargain on a brand new 6.2kw Split System Inverter Air Conditioner. The quotes we've received for installation are almost as much as the unit cost itself. Is this something I should be brave enough to attempt myself? It's a back-to-back installation.
How can I trace and troubleshoot phone lines? I have a non-working phone jack that I'm trying to troubleshoot. My house has a lot of strange wiring, and many of the phone lines come together in a messy junction box with random color coding. I suspect one of the wires isn't hooked up correctly, but I'm having trouble tracing the wires. I've tried using the LAN Tracker GET-4220T, but I find the results to be very erratic (sometimes all the wires seem to be energized, moving the probe slightly can lose all signal). Even when I am able to get tone from the tracker at the jack, I still can't get dial tone. I've tried swapping out the phone jack itself, as well as the phone. Is there a good process for tracing phone lines and verifying that they are wired correctly? Is there a better tool than the LAN Tracker that wouldn't break the bank?
Fire hazard of exhaust fan with heating bulbs in bathroom? Our strata gave us permission to install an exhaust fan with 4x 250W heating bulbs into our bathroom. We are on the top floor and the roof cavity above us is the ceiling for the building. There are no firewalls in the ceiling. I've been told by a friend who's a licensed electrician that these items can be a big fire hazard, as if something catches fire in the bathroom and the fan is on, the fire will be sucked straight into the roof cavity. What are the chances of this happening? I can't imagine there's much in the bathroom that could catch fire.
Fire hazard of exhaust fan with heating bulbs in bathroom? Those tone generators are fantastic tools for tracing data cabling and phone cabling - but they also have several modes on them. One of the modes is for tracing the cable through the wall, so the device will beep if it's in the general vicinity, so that you can know where abouts it is without having to have contact with it. However, this is not so great for verifying which cable is the one you've got it hooked onto when you've got a bundle of cables. For that, there's usually a 2nd mode which will only beep if you come into direct contact with the wire. The first point of call would be making sure that you've got the tracer set to the correct mode so that it will only beep if you're in direct contact with the wire. If it's still beeping and in that mode, then you've got a short somewhere, which will be why the cabling isn't working. It might be worth pulling it out and replacing it if you're in a situation where that is possible (your ADSL Sync Speeds might go up drastically if you do that too).
Fire hazard of exhaust fan with heating bulbs in bathroom? Add a second layer of drywall with Green Glue for sound isolation; not shilling, just heard very good things about it and plan to use it to soundproof a den.
What is the life expectancy of an air conditioning unit with a booster? Over the weekend my wife and I lost our air conditioning. I called a technician out to the house and he replaced both the fan motor and the capacitor. He also had to install a booster to help get my compressor turned over. I know this solution won't last forever but I was wondering how long my wife and I should have to be able to save up for a new unit.
What is the life expectancy of an air conditioning unit with a booster? Framing hammers are a specific type of claw hammer. They often have a textured head, which will reduce the liklihood of skipping off the nail, but will almost guarantee that you mar the wood that you're nailing into. It can also result in the nail being driven a little bit below the wood. As such, it's really not useful for finish work. They also tend to be larger, to help reduce the amount of swings needed to get the nail in (they're really not intended for delicate work), and have a straigher claw to get between two laminated timbers to pull them apart. If you're only going to buy one -- get a general claw hammer, but I'd recommend using some sandpaper to rough up the face if it's polished smooth.
Must I remove asbestos from my heating vents? I've got an old house with some asbestos tape on the heating vents, and some old floor tiles which are asbestos suspects as well; duct cleaning firms won't do cleaning on the vents with the tape present. Do I really need to call in the space suit guys to get rid of it? If I just cover it with new foil tape, will that encapsulate it safely? Should I just rip it off myself?
Must I remove asbestos from my heating vents? A multimeter (Image licensed under the Creative Commons)
Must I remove asbestos from my heating vents? Get a professional. Asbestos dust is a real killer, and frankly it's not worth the risk of residual dust - especially if you have young childeren. In Australia the Queensland government even have a "Dob in a neighbour" program if you think that someone is doing DIY asbestos handeling. That's how serious it is.
Must I remove asbestos from my heating vents? Not sure about "Sure fire" but a product called CLR (Calcium, Lime, Rust remover) is a good start.
Must I remove asbestos from my heating vents? I grew up with a furnished basement that only had foam carpet pad covered with carpet. The cinder block walls were coated with UGL drylok and it was lit with flourescent lighting. The foam/carpet worked very well, no drafts, no wet spots, was perfect to lay on. Didn't need to go as far as a subfloor and I live in a harsh winter climate.
How can I find places to nail/screw into walls of ICF (insulated concrete form) home? The home I bought has exterior walls made of ICF (insulated concrete form). I don't know the brand or type, I just know that somehow the builders attached the drywall to the styrofoam/concrete. I'm looking to add picture molding and want to ensure it will be secure when hanging weighty items. I've tried a new stud finder and it doesn't work. I was under the house the other day and saw the bottom (2") edge of the styrofoam and could not find any change in the styrofoam in the horizontal direction. I'd expected an embedded strip of something more durable than styrofoam.
How can I find places to nail/screw into walls of ICF (insulated concrete form) home? It's not really that serious in most cases. In tile or siding, it isn't a hazard unless it is broken down, generating dust that you are breathing. Even then, a lot of tile is like 1% asbestos. If you can get it up without breaking it too much, you're basically fine. Pipe insulation that is soft is more of a problem. You can probably do it yourself if it's a small amount. It may very well be illegal though. Get a respirator like this http://www.amazon.com/MSA-Safety-Works-817664-Respirator/dp/B0009XW3ZS, take a heavy plastic bag, tape it around the insulation so it's mostly sealed, and then spray it down with water so it's saturated and won't generate dust. Then remove it, dousing with water as needed. Seal it up in the bag and dispose of it lawfully. I was an asbestos abatement hygienist for 3 summers, and I took airborne fiber readings of thousands of hours of removal being done. Although negative air containment systems were in place on those jobs, I had probably 10 concerning readings out of thousands. Asbestos is like smoking cigarettes in my opinion. One day isn't going to hurt you. Every day for 5 years will hurt you.
How do I repair aerated autoclaved concrete? I got an everlasting problem with a aerated autoclaved concrete (also known as "Gasbeton") wall: there's a crack that seems to split the upper half from the bottom half of the wall. I tried several time to fix it, either with the proper aerated autoclaved concrete putty and with stucco but, after some days, the crack comes back again. Any idea on how to fix it for good? EDIT: The wall is made of AAC blocks (as bricks), I have access to both sides and is an interior wall: basically it divides one former big room in two smaller rooms (kitchen and bedroom).
How do I repair aerated autoclaved concrete? As others have said, a framing hammer is a specialty claw hammer. So what makes it different? First, weight. A framing hammer is typically 20-32 oz, compared with 10-16 oz for a "normal" household claw hammer. That helps it pound large nails in only a few blows. Related to that is the much longer handle on a framing hammer. Second is the face of the head: it's waffled to prevent slipping off the nail head, helping prevent bent nails. A regular claw hammer will sometimes have a textured face but not nearly as pronounced, and the face may also be smooth. A regular claw hammer often also has a domed face to allow a skilled hand to sink a nail below the surface with minimal surface damage: that's a feature you won't see on a framing hammer. Third, the claw is straight since it is optimized for prying boards apart. A regular claw hammer is optimized for pulling nails. If you're only building a garage, I'd recommend using your regular hammer rather than buying a framing hammer. (Or best of all, just go rent a nail gun!). For inexperienced carpenters, the time spent hammering will probably not be what slows you down. Also, the framing hammer is tiring enough that after a couple hours you may actually be faster with a smaller, regular claw hammer. If you do get a framing hammer I recommend a lighter one. You'll work faster when you use it, you won't lose much power over a heavier hammer, and you'll feel much better on the second day. In 2010 if you hammer enough that a 32oz hammer makes a difference versus a 24oz hammer, you have a nail gun anyhow.
How do I build a square window frame in an off-square opening? The original windows in the bedrooms in my old house were huge, far too big for the size of the rooms. At some point a previous owner replaced them with much smaller windows, building a frame to hold them in the original opening. I'm planning to replace those windows with something in between which will mean building a new frame. In at least once case, I would like to use the original framing at the side of the window. However, due to settling and some warping of the original house frame, the openings are not perfectly square. I would like to build the frame in advance so that when the time comes, I can just take out the existing windows, cut out the existing frame, put in the new frame and attach the windows. Beyond careful measuring twice and cutting once, what do I need to do to ensure that the new frame will fit in the opening and be square so that the window installation will go smoothly?
How do I build a square window frame in an off-square opening? I've used CLR with some success. You can also try a pumice stone. The stone should be gentle enough to not scratch the enamel, but tough enough to remove the discoloration. I removed hard water stains from the inside of an old toilet pretty easily with this approach.
How do I build a square window frame in an off-square opening? It sounds to me that you cut your tip to far down. Try cutting it closer to the top so the hole is smaller. A good caulk gun will help too and they aren't too expensive (about $12 at lowes or home depot).
Should I insulate an attic that's over an open porch? I have a 6ft (approx. 2m) wide porch at the front of my house. The space above the porch opens into the attic, like this: I'm adding insulation -- R-38 fiberglass batting -- in the attic; do I need to insulate the space above the porch too?
Should I insulate an attic that's over an open porch? Is the porch heated? If not, then don't bother. The purpose of insulation is not to keep the attic warm, but to keep the house warm (or cool). You actually want the attic to stay relatively close to the outside temperature to prevent ice problems in the winter or overheating in the summer.
Should I insulate an attic that's over an open porch? If it's out of square by less than a quarter to a half inch or so you can probably just use shims to square it up.
How can I remove paint from an indoor brick wall? I have a red brick wall that was painted. I need to figure out an easy method of removing the paint without damaging the brick. Are there any tried and true methods? One thing to remember is that these bricks have a lot of pores!
How can I remove paint from an indoor brick wall? From what I understand, sandblasting works best, but requires serious machinery/produces huge amounts of dust and noise. Next up is "dry ice blasting" (pellets of dry ice are shot at the wall where they explode, and remove the paint). This is also loud, expensive, and can damage the bricks. You can also just sand the wall with various hand tools (VERY labor intensive).
How can I remove paint from an indoor brick wall? When most people think of a water heating system, they think of a tank (40-75 gal. on average) with a heating source. However, a robust water heating system probably shouldn't be so simple. How you want to configure things depends on what your exact situation is, and what features you want maximized. Some examples: 2 tank, parallel This kind of setup gives you the storage capacity of both tanks (say, 2 x 40gal = 80gal). But it also costs twice as much to keep running. I can't imagine why you would do this over the next idea, but I'm sure someone has a reason. 2 tank, serial This gives you a lot of versatility in water availability and cost. In low demand situations, turn the first tank down or off. Storing the water will let it come up to room temperature, usually reducing the heating requirements in the second tank. Set tank 2 for your desired temperature. When demand increases (say, relatives visit for a week) turn the first tank up to boost the inflow temperature. Ultimately, both tanks at the desired output temperature will give you slightly more hot water than the capacity of both tanks combined; due to heating as water flows. Tankless As mentioned by others, a simple tankless heater has hidden drawbacks in demand-based activation and flow restrictions. However, the do not heat any water unless on, so their standby energy cost is nil. Installation can be tricky: they require costly ventilation and exhaust systems which can make them not cost-effective over their projected lifespan. And they are difficult to tie into hot water recycling systems, if you're looking for instant-hot water at the tap. Tank + Tankless You're getting into the area of boilers, and options for combining things do very different things. A pre-warm tank can improve the flow rate of a tankless heater, by reducing the required temperature rise. A post-heat tank can alleviate the demand-based problems, but adds the cost of continual heating and complexity in cycling cooling water from the tank. Other As I mentioned there are thousands of potential ways to combine systems. Gas is cheaper than electric. Tankless doesn't have standby costs. Tanks smooth out warm water flow. You have to determine your situation, and what works best. Suggestion It may be against the TOS to talk brands, if so someone remove this or let me know. Since we're building a house this summer I've been looking into this problem, and our contractor pointed out the Eternal brand of tankless water heaters. They have a 2 gallon internal tank that they keep warm, which supposedly fixes the problems of demand-based activation and still costs very little for standby heat. They integrate well with recirculation systems, and can even be combined in multi-unit setups if demand exceeds one unit. I've not yet played with it (still building) but the concept looks great on paper. Oh, and they have less expensive exhaust requirements as well.
How do I set up a wiring closet that connects to the exterior of the house? I'm looking to build a central wiring closet for ethernet, phone, and co-ax. I would like this closet to have a single pipe to the exterior of the house, which service lines can come in through. Also, fiber is not currently available, and I'd like it and any future technologies to have easy access to the central closet. My concerns are: What kind of conduit to use How to penetrate the exterior wall Basement wall is concrete Could also be easily put through main floor siding How to protect the exterior of the conduit from weather Hopefully that's all I need to plan the project...
Should I replace fallen gutters? This past winter a heavy snow fall ripped two sets of gutters off our house, and I haven't had a chance to re-hang them yet. One is over our back door and it's really annoying having the running off hit you when you step out the back door, so they will be replaced as soon as I can. The other set was over top of a flower bed at an inset corner (so there is a steady stream of water during a heavy rain formed where the two sections of the roof come together). The only place the water seems to go is into the bed, about a foot from the base of the house. If I can avoid replacing them, I'd like to, but I don't want to risk a bigger issue down the road. Do I need to replace this second set? Am I risking long-term damage to the foundation or some other issue I'm not thinking of?
Should I replace fallen gutters? Your local hardware store should have a selection of conduit that's suitable. Generally any PVC should be OK as it's designed to survive the weather, and does so very well. I used 15mm, but I wasn't running coax - just data cables. An SC fiber connector would not fit through a 15mm conduit, so you'll either have to get a larger conduit than this or get it crimped after it's been through the hole. Go for the larger conduit - it'll be cheaper and easier. Penetrating the exterior wall depends on what kind of structure your house is built with. Ours is double-brick exterior, so I just drilled through it with a 15mm masonry drillbit and a large hammer-drill. Concrete should be pretty much the same. If you don't have access to a hammer drill, every few seconds stop the drill and pull it back a few cm, then start again. Depending on the thickness of your wall the drill bit will get incredibly hot, so be careful after you've made your hole. With the exterior conduit, if it's PVC then it should be pretty safe against the weather as it is. If you need to run outdoor connectors outside of the conduit, then IP65 or 67-rated devices should do well.
Should I replace fallen gutters? You're likely to need a paint solvent to get it all off. Since the brick likely absorbed some of the paint, sand blasting will only take you part way there (unless you're willing to remove some of the brick itself). Here is an okay article on removing graffiti, but regard wall paint is thicker than most spray paint, so you might want to start with sanding (or sand blasting), then switch to the solvents. Whenever working with solvents indoors, keep in mind making sure there is LOTS of fresh air available to you.
Should I replace fallen gutters? You could be risking damage to the foundation. It depends if the bed is properly graded or not. If the bed is graded properly, the water will run away from the house and the foundation. If not, the water could run towards the house. After a heavy rainfall, see if the foundation concrete close to the dirt looks wet. If it stays wet looking for long after the rest of the foundation has dried, it could mean that water is running towards the foundation. If that's the case, you have 3 options: Fix the gutter. Regrade the bed. Run the risk of your foundation possibly being affected.
Are those oscillating tools any good? Has anyone used those oscillating tools like the Fein Multimaster or the Harbor Freight version? Are they as awesome as the infomercials suggest? What jobs are they good for?
Are those oscillating tools any good? If you see that the water is digging a hole you can put a large rock in the way to help direct the water away from the foundation.
Are those oscillating tools any good? Oscillating tool Those cheapo harbor freight version of the Fein Multi-master et al. are nearly as good but much lighter on the pocketbook:
How *environmentally* durable are pet-resistant screens? I've got some damaged wire screens on our porch, and since I have two dogs I've been replacing them with pet-resistant screens made from what appears to be a nylon mesh coated with plastic/rubber. So far, they seem to work great. They are physically quite durable due to the fact that they stretch some when the dogs jump on them, and this little bit of give keeps them from easily getting holes punched in them. However, rubbers and plastics can be prone to photodegradation, and my porch screens are in direct sunlight for most of the day. Does anyone have any experience/knowledge of how durable pet-resistant screens are from an environmental standpoint? How long can I typically expect them to last before they start to break down due to the elements (mainly sun)?
Can I paint over wallpaper? So I have a wall that has a very hard sort of textured wallpaper. Recently though the wall suffered some damage that turned into a hole. The whole has been patched and now we need to paint over that. Removing the wallpaper is not an option. How can I paint over this? Should I use an oil based paint or latex based (or does it even matter)? What are some gotcha's to avoid when painting over wallpaper? EDIT: I'm not really to concerned if the texture shows through. I actually like the texture so it's not a big deal.
Can I paint over wallpaper? If removing it's not an option, you may want to try a textured paint roller to hide any texture or seams that the wallpaper has. Also, you should start with an oil based primer, since water based paint and primer can actually seep through the wallpaper and loosen it from the wall.
Can I paint over wallpaper? I would never recommend this doing this, but this should give you decent results: Pull off anything that is peeling up. Seal it with an oil or shellac based primer (not water based since that will loosen the paper). Once sealed, skim coat it with drywall mud to cover the seams/texturing. Sand, prime again, and paint.
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? My A/C hasn't been able to keep up with the heat lately (it's been in the high 90's with high humidity, and today the house was up to about 82 inside even though it's set on 70). I went up into the attic a few minutes ago to see if my untrained eye could see anything wrong with the unit, and I noticed two things: There is a hissing noise coming from the unit where the refrigerant lines go into the evaporator. I know that I have a TEV, and I've read online that these can sometimes hiss, but I wanted to see if that's likely what the cause is or if it's possibly something else. Cold air (quite cold) is blowing out of the hole where the refrigerant return line comes out of this box (this is also where I'm hearing the hissing), and the attic was cooler than the rest of my house! I just had a popular local A/C company out here to investigate, and he said that the unit appeared to have been undercharged from the time it was installed (the house was built in 2006), so he added two pounds of refrigerant. He said that he didn't find any leaks. Are either of these things issues?
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? A decent table saw After getting a cordless drill and a power miter saw.
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? Definitely replace the gutter. Not only are you risking damage to the foundation, but if there's any wind when it rains your walls and windows will receive much more water than they should. This can cause all sorts of other problems like rot, seepage, and suchlike.
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? Was your builder far-sighted enough to run the utilities in conduit? If so then you may be able to run CAT5 through the conduit if there's enough room remaining. It may also be possible to run the CAT5 through the floor voids, then remove the baseboards / skirting and chase a short distance up the wall beyond. Alternatively, if the CAT5 is for computer networking, consider wireless. I've just bought a new 802.11n hub and found it brilliant at going through masonry, even with regular 802.11g clients.
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? Two things: Most corners or window frames aren't square, so don't use them as the guide. You will have odd-cut tiles at the edges and around the window. What you really want to avoid is having the un-cut edge of a tile close to a corner or the window frame. If it's not square then you'll have the straight grout line right next to the not-square line of the wall or window. Your eye will be drawn to this, and you'll indeed get cross every time you lie in the bath. Worse, you may have to cut a tiny sliver of tile to fill an annoying large gap... In the ideal situation the width of the wall will be an exact multiple of the width of a tile plus the grout line. Then you can adjust things so you have half-a-tile width at the left and half-a-tile at the right. In this case, draw a vertical line dead-centre of the wall and work in both directions from there. If your wall isn't an exact multiple of the width of a tile plus grout line, start between one-quarter to one-half of a tile to the left or right of this line. It may be best to lay out the tiles on the floor (with spacers!) so you can get a good picture of where the verticals will end up. Finally, rent or purchase a good diamond tile cutter. Being able to cut tiles easily and quickly is really important, especially if your tiles are large!
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? My dad has a Multimaster and it's truly awesome. Like any tool, there are jobs it is good for. There are quite a few tasks I've found where it would have been really useful - mainly in repairs and renovations, where you aren't ripping out whole floor boards or walls or anything. Those are things where a reciprocating saw, jig saw, circular saw or even a dremel tool (a cutting wheel is always the wrong angle.) won't work well. He used it to cut out windows of my daughter's playhouse after we put up the plywood walls, and it doesn't do a great job on long cuts like that - he was cutting blind from the inside along the studs and the cuts aren't perpendicular to the sheet (but it's covered with trim).
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? A good weight crowbar Use it for lifting, prying, removing, bashing, demolishing and most importantly, against zombies and headcrabs.
Should my evaporator be hissing? Should cold air be blowing from it? A first aid kit ...that is easy to find!
How do I know if it is safe to remove a wall? When looking at a wall, how can I tell if I can safely remove it?
Is it safe to use “PushFit” fitting on gas pipes? There are many makes of pushfit pipe fittings that make it a lot easer to join pipes, incluing copper pipes, e,g: John Guest Speedfit Cuprofit®- copper push fit Hepworth-HEP20 Are they safe to use on gas?
What are the advantages and disadvantage of using "pushfit" pipe fittings? There are many makes of pushfit pipe fittings that make it a lot easer to join pipes, incluing copper pipes, e,g: John Guest Speedfit Cuprofit®- copper push fit Hepworth-HEP20 (please expand the list if you know of any others) How do I decide if I should use them rather than soldered copper fittings? If I use to use a pushfit system, how do I choose the one to use?
What basic safety equipment should everyone have? When doing DIY what safety kit should everyone have (and use)?
What are the differences in the wiring standards between the USA and the UK? There are lots of electrical questions that assume everyone is in the USA, so what is different for people that are in the UK?
What are the differences in the wiring standards between the USA and the UK? I just have a basic first aid kit around the house and it has some typical items in it. Bandages, gauze, antiseptic ointment, etc. I also know where local emergency rooms are just in case it's worse than that. (only had to use it once, knock on wood).
What is "knob and tube wiring"? I assume this is some USA wiring system, am I right?
What is a ring main? What is a ring main and why are they used in the UK but not elsewhere?
How do I stop water coming in under a level access door? When you have an outside door with level access (for wheelchairs etc), how do you stop water coming in under the door?
What is a “pocket door”? Outside of the USA, most people have never heard of the term “pocket door”. Can you explain what this is?
How do I fit a “pocket door”? What are the fitting options including using a preformed kit etc?
In the UK, where do I buy a “pocket door” kit from? “pocket doors” are common the USA, however they are hardly never seen in the UK, so how do I buy one in the UK?
What are the building regulations in the UK for fitting a light in a bathroom? What designs of lights are allowed? When do I need to get a building regulation inspection?
What is the difference between “Planning Permission” and “Building Regulation” in the UK and when do I need to get them? It can be very confusing to know what is covered by “Planning-Permission” and what is covered by “Building Regulation”, so can we have a short answer with links please.
How do I build a wet room for a wheelchair user? How do I build a wet room that: Does not leek Does not have water run out of its door Is wheelchair accessible (e.g a very low slope) It is very hard to get the slope right by hand and I have need two many cases when the sleep is too steep and the water run runs into the rest of the house.
What is asbestos cement sheet? How do I tell if I have asbestos cement sheet? How should I remove an asbestos cement sheet?
What is asbestos cement sheet? Knob and tube wiring uses two separate copper conductors, each isolated by cotton cloth or soft rubber. The conductors are strung tightly through the cavities of your walls and floors, and depend on being separated by air in order to avoid overheating. When going through joists, the wires pass through porcelain tubes. In the wall and floor cavities, they are attached intermittently by porcelain knobs. Knob and tube wiring was commonly used in North America from the 1880s through the 1930s.
What is asbestos cement sheet? Why do you need to solder in the new pipe? There are pushfit and compression fittings designed for fix leaks. Assuming the leak is very small you could also use leak stop patty that you just form round the pipe (Once you move away from solder, you may not need to drain the system if the leak is small enough.)
How can I paint over mold to prevent it from coming back again? The source of the leak has been fixed, however the old mold keeps showing though the new paint.
How do I build a basement that does not leak when I have a high water level? How do I insure a basement will not leak when the site has a high water level?
How much weight should a deck of a given area support? How much weight should a deck of a given area support, either according to building codes or convention? In my local (Massachusetts) building code, I found the answer for floors (40 lbs/ft2 live load), but I'm not sure if that is the same for decks. So I'm curious what the codes of various areas say about the load capacity of deck, and what people think is reasonable to design for regardless of code. If your answer references building codes, please state the locality.
How much weight should a deck of a given area support? In cinder block basements I've used a sealant called UGL Drylok. It's a white, thick, paint that seals cinderblock walls and gives a nice white finish to the walls. My parent's house has it on their walls and they haven't had a leak in well over 20 years. UGL drylok is easy to install but be VERY sure to have alot of ventilation. It works VERY well but has a VERY strong odor and you'll have to heavily ventilate the basement while doing it.
How does a 2 way light switch work? A two way light switch allows the light to be controlled from two locations, how does this work?
How does a 2 way light switch work? A product called "Killz" is an anti mold paint. Might try spraying the area down with a bleach/water mixture (I believe the ratio of 1 part bleach to 10 parts water is sufficient). Spray it down and let it dry. The bleach should kill the mold off in a few days.
How do I wire a 3 way light switch? Two way light switching is common, but how do I setup a 3 way system so the light can be controlled from 3 places?
How do I wire a 3 way light switch? Knob and tube was the standard long ago. Now it's considered verboten by many insurance companies and is often replaced when a home comes under contract (either the seller replaces it or drops the house price by a significant amount and the buyer replaces it).
What is cinderblock? I live in the UK and have never heard of cinderblock, what is it?
What is cinderblock? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinderblock - easy way to describe this one. They're just concrete blocks that stack together (much like legos). They're held together with mortar like bricks. They're very common for foundation work in the US.
What is cinderblock? A pocket door is a door that slides into the wall as opposed to opening in or out as a regular door would. A good comparison would be the sliding doors as most mega-marts or large stores that slide open when you walk towards them or if you're a fan of "Star Trek: The Next Generation". The doors throughout the ship are "pocket doors" (except our pocket doors don't make the neat hissing sound when the open).
What is cinderblock? There might be some confusion because the type of switch you need (single-pole, double-throw) is usually called a three-way switch in the US, and a two-way switch in the UK. So for two switches to control the same lights, you need two SPDT switches, and you can find the wiring diagram on Wikipedia.
What is cinderblock? There might be some confusion because the type of switch you need is usually called a four-way switch in the US, and an intermediate switch in the UK. So for three or more switches to control the same lights, you need two SPDT switches on the ends, and four-way or intermediate switches in the middle. You can find the wiring diagram on Wikipedia.
What is cinderblock? Don't try painting over mold. Use bleach to get rid of it first. Make sure the entire area is completely dry. Then use a special anti mold paint.
How do I install a water line to my refrigerator? Recently bought a new refrigerator that has an ice maker and now I want to run a water line to the refrigerator (there is not one there right now). The cold water line is pretty much right below the refrigerator in the basement so I can easily drill a hole behind the refrigerator to the basement. Is there a simple way to attach to my currently exisitng cold water line (without requiring a plumber)?
What type of wood siding should I use for a shed? What kinds of inexpensive wood siding, suitable for a shed, are commonly available in the U.S.? I checked Lowe's and Home Depot, but all they had was a single type of barn-style shiplap. I had expected more of a selection.
How do you remove a lot of wall tiles? How do I quickly remove a lot of wall tiles without damaging the wall?
Definitons of various sand, gravel, and rock products There are various gravel and rock products for sale, but their names do not always mean what the layman thinks they do. For instance, I ordered three tons of gravel, expecting the 5–15 mm rocks that are commonly used to surface driveways. What I received was something I would describe as sand with pebbles. I think what I wanted may be called “crushed, angular rock,“ but I'm still not sure. (The vendor was nice enough to exchange it for me.) So: what kinds of sand, gravel, and rock products are sold, what are they called in the trade, and what are they used for? Pictures welcome.
Definitons of various sand, gravel, and rock products (I actually asked at least partly so I could answer - so here goes): I bought one of the cheap Harbor Freight variety on sale, and I can see where it would do a great job. Small cuts and getting into corners are some things that it's great at. The example on some of the commercials about trimming some door frame to put in flooring is a perfect example of one thing it's great at. One thing that's especially worth a mention though is that it still has some arc to the end of the cutting path. Not much, but some. The regular blade like this: ^^^^^^^^ |      | |      | |      | |______| is one of the best ones. I've already used it to put together several projects. It does a fair job at cutting dovetails - though it doesn't tend to cut super straight through 2x4. The "safety" part is pretty nice - you can touch the tip of the blade without getting your finger ripped off, but you wouldn't want to leave your finger there. I've also used the triangular sander and that seems to be really nice - I can see where the carbide piece would be great for removing tile cement. If I am ever involved in that project you can bet I'll be using this oscillator. One thing I've noticed - you really don't often notice how completely ridiculous this tool looks - it feels like holding a really long "normal" can. It doesn't look or feel like any normal tool (drill, saw, etc) that's designed to be held. For the oscillator it's more of an after thought - but honestly probably the best form for the tool. Another thing I've discovered is that turning the cutting tool seems to be basically useless - my cuts aren't as straight or easy. The only time it's really good is when using one of those moon/rounded blades. All in all I'd say the $34 Harbor Freight version belongs in everyone's toolbox. But I probably wouldn't get one of the more expensive varieties unless I were on a job where I was constantly using it.
Should I set fence posts in dirt, gravel, crushed rock, or concrete? I have received conflicting advice about how to set wooden fence posts. Many web sites suggest setting them in a concrete cylinder. Someone at the local hardware store had seen posts set in concrete rot and break because water seeps in along the edges of the post (especially in the winter) and does not drain properly. He suggested crushed rock (what I would call gravel, see Definitions of various sand, gravel, and rock products) instead. A local fence company said they just set the posts in compacted dirt, but use 5x5-inch posts. What is the best way to set fence posts in different climates, given that the wind force on a 6-foot-tall privacy fence can be substantial?
Is there a standard height and depth for stairs? Is there a standard (or a standard range for) the height and depth of each step in a flight of stairs? If your answer refers to your building code, please say where you live.
Is there a standard height and depth for stairs? The general rule (in the US) is 7-11 (a 7 inch rise and 11 inch run). More exactly, 7 3/4 rise and an 11 1/2 inch run, although some people will use a run of as little as 9 inches. You can find some more information here as well on other stair-related dimensions.
Is there a standard height and depth for stairs? Couple inches of gravel. Place post. Level, plumb. Fill with concrete. Make sure that the concrete is graded away from the post so water runs off, this is an important step that lots of people overlook. Taking the time now to make sure water moves away from the post, will save time and money later when the posts don't have to be replaced. *Also make sure the concrete is above the ground around it.
How is a septic system different from a cesspool? Here in New England many towns do not have public sewer systems, so homeowners have either a septic system or a cesspool. What is the difference between the two?
How can I remove a single cracked floor tile? How can I remove a single damaged floor tile without damaging the surrounding tiles? Is there anything that will help the replacement tile from cracking in the same way?
How can I remove a single cracked floor tile? A ring main as the name implies, is a wiring ring between a circuit breaker on a consumer unit and the sockets it supplies. One wire leaves the consumer unit and connects to the first socket, a second cable then leaves this socket and goes to the next, at the last socket in the chain, the last connection goes back to the consumer unit creating a ring. The power load is shared both ways around the ring allowing use of a smaller diameter cable than a radial wiring system. This smaller diameter was one of the principle reasons for its introduction after the war in order to reduce the amount of copper which was in fairly short supply. Older wiring systems have remained in use until fairly recently, my grandparents house was only rewired in 1987 although many were converted earlier. The wiring scheme has some criticisms including less apparent fault symptoms and more lengthy testing requirements which aside from the complexity of retroactively adopting a new standard have probably contributed to its limited use outside the UK. The Wikipedia article contains some more details on the standard, its history and issues but adequate training should be arranged before making any modifications to existing circuits. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ring_circuit It's worth noting as well before considering any work that Part P of the Building Regulations may well apply, the IET has a good faq on the subject which is worth reading: http://www.theiet.org/publishing/wiring-regulations/part-p/
How can I remove a single cracked floor tile? T-111 is pretty much the standard for that kind of stuff. What kind of a look are you going for? You could always sheath it with OSB and put anything you want on top of that (vinyl, clapboard, etc.)
How can I remove a single cracked floor tile? I'd grind/scrape away the grout first and then gently tap the middle of the tile with a screwdriver until it shatters and chip it out. It'll probably take a while to do it but you should be able to scrape/chip away the old thinset, apply new thinset then regrout. best of luck !
How can I remove a single cracked floor tile? They make "taps" specifically for that purpose - you can get them at home depot/lowes or probably any plumbing store. They clamp on to an existing water line and have a sharp pin inside. You attach a vinyl or flexible copper line to it and run it through the floor to the fridge. Then you crank handle on the valve down and the pin punctures the copper water line and lets water into the valve. When I did mine, I was a bit worried it would leak at first (they just look like something that wouldn't seal well) but haven't had any problems with it for well over a year now.
When should you use metal studs? When does it make sense to use metal framing for an interior wall? What are the advantages to traditional wood framing?
When should you use metal studs? Typically I hit the first one (kind of gently) with a hammer until it cracks/shatters. Grind out the grout then pry out the pieces with a chisel or just a beefy flathead screwdriver. Once you have one out, you should be able to use a chisel or a flat head screwdriver to get under the other ones. Put the screwdriver under/against the edge of the tile and tap it with a hammer and the tiles will (usually) just pop off. Some will be more stubborn than others, but if you're reasonably careful you shouldn't damage the wall much.
When should you use metal studs? Around here they are generally only used in commercial construction or in buildings where flamable building materials like wood are not allowed. Wood is just much easier to work with generally. Some advantages of metal over wood: They don't burn. They are always straight. Easier to run electrical through (come with holes, so no drilling needed). And wood over metal: Easier to work with (cut, shape, toe nail, etc). Stronger. You can't use metal studs for load bearing walls. While metal is generally cheaper than wood, the extra accessories needed (special boxes, conduit, etc) can make it more expensive. Wood is generally easier to get - most of the big home shops don't carry steel studs.
When should you use metal studs? Septic systems leach out into the surrounding area (called a "leach field"). This helps reduce the number of times the system needs pumped out. Liquid (and some solid) waste is broken down and leaches out into the field. Some municipalities don't like this because it has the potential to contaminate local water sheds (most notably if you're near a river). A cesspool is a sealed tank for holding waste. Since it's sealed it doesn't leak but frequently needs drained. More expensive than a septic system but more environmentally friendly. Most places in the US that don't have city sewer services have a septic tank as far as I'm aware. I haven't heard of many cesspools.
When should you use metal studs? There are a few different ways I've seen this done. The best way is to trench around the outside of the foundation down to the footer, seal the outside of the wall, and install a drainage system (gravel and pipes) at the footer to redirect the water to a sump pit where it can be pumped out. Next best way is to do basicly the same thing, but on the inside of the house. You bust up the concrete floor of the basement along the walls and install gravel and PVC pipe under the floor to drain the water to a sump pit where it can be pumped out. Both those options are going to be pretty expensive, and probably not something you would want to tackle on your own. Which is why many people opt to simply seal the inside of the walls with a product like Drylok as Scott mentions. It's pretty effective if you only have minor moisture problems, but if you regularly get lots of water in the basement, it's probably not going to solve your problem.
When should you use metal studs? Allowing rainwater to free fall from the roof can cause cosmetic issues, like dirt splatter all over your foundation and siding, but will also contribute to water in your basement. The function of the gutter is to redirect this water away from the house so it doesn't gather up against the foundation below grade.
Does Pex tubing have any advantages over copper? What are the advantages/disadvantages of Pex tubing? How does it compare to copper?
Does Pex tubing have any advantages over copper? A post from the The Garage Journal forum has an excellent write up on garage flooring products on the market: http://www.garagejournal.com/forum/showthread.php?t=2873 More posts on the subject, including testimonies and how-tos: http://www.garagejournal.com/forum/forumdisplay.php?s=b1e2eb50860dcaff8a02fbacc8caf80f&f=20
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? I was thinking of switching over to a tankless water heater, but a friend of mine said they are not good in colder climates since the water coming in is colder and takes longer to heat. Is this a valid concern, or are these things designed to deal with this type of thing?
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? I live in Michigan, so it get's pretty cold here, and I'm pretty happy with my tankless water heater. Might want to check out my answer to this question for some other pros/cons though.
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? I know PEX is cheaper (specially considering the rising price of copper), easier to run and less noisy than copper but you have to buy a special crimping tool for the fittings (don't know how expensive the tool is). My only fear would be long term effects depending on water type. For instance I have very hard water (very high calcium content; I should NEVER have to worry about osteoporosis) and I wonder what will happen 10, 15, 20 years down the road to the PEX pipe based on the minerals in the water. I'm also not sure if there are any long term health effects from having water run over PVC. Not sure what kind of chemicals leach into the water over time. I'm 99.99% sure it's safe though.
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? Generally the durability is considered to be just as good as the older paints. The VOC-Free paints still have less color-selection (at least last time I looked), but that's been changing as demand increases. The building I work in (in the U.S.) just completed a LEED-Platinum renovation, and used all VOC-Free or Low-VOC paints. Some of the special purpose paints were not available in VOC-free yet, but low-VOC paints covered most of what they needed (including paint for a metal roof). I was impressed at how much less they smelled when I stood next to a painter with an open tray of paint for several minutes before realizing he had fresh-paint out (I was disappointed that it smelled like someone had painted a week before until I realized he was doing the touch-up painting right then). In the first year we haven't seen any issues related to durability.
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? A small pancake compressor. You can easily borrow / rent the tools, but having the compressor for so many jobs comes in handy. Can also be used without a tool to blow stuff off, fill tires, etc.
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? You need to: If possible - remove the source of dampness (not always possible) Dry the area Paint on a damp-seal product (many available) Once dry you can paint over the damp seal. Good luck
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? There is a dremel tool called the multi-max that I have used before. You can get a diamond attachment for it that will cut through grout like butter. Once you get the grout out you should be able pop up the tile and replace it.
Are tankless water heaters worth it in cold climates? If you don't want to cut the existing line or hire a plumber, a tap is the best option, but it will eventually leak. In addition, if you have hard water, the small whole can become clogged with deposits.
How do I insulate around a gas fireplace without tearing it apart? My home has a gas fireplace that we do not use very often. It is in a "bump out" on the back of the house. In the winter, cold air flows through the vents under the fireplace and if you feel the tile around the fireplace, it is cold. Is there a good method to insulate around it without tearing apart the fireplace? What type of insulation should I use that would not be a fire hazard.
How do you paint vinyl shutters? What kind of paint will work for restoring the original color to vinyl shutters that have faded from exposure to the sun? They are supposedly "maintenance-free" but the home owners association says they need to be repaired or replaced.
Is it a good idea to pay for an energy saving audit of my new home We have a newly built home but I'm not at all confident in the builder's prowess when it comes to energy conservation. Is it worth hiring someone (like our energy provider or other specialized contractor) to do an energy audit? Or do you think they would most likely find something whether or not there was a problem so they can charge us more for the fix? If no energy audit, does anyone have any tips for the best ways to look for these "leaks" myself?
Is it a good idea to pay for an energy saving audit of my new home I recently repainted mine after aging 5 years. They are maintenance free, but the color will fade. Sherwin Williams sells paint specifically for shutters and they had an exact match for my shutter color. You just wash and paint. They'll look as good as new!
Is it a good idea to pay for an energy saving audit of my new home You can hire a company to scan your house with an infra-red camera. I've never hired one so I'm not sure of the expense but they'll go around your house with the camera and see where cool (or hot) air is escaping and give you report about it. I'm sure it's a few hundred dollars to get it done but it might be worth it if you think you have some major leaks.
What are these spongy/soft spots on my hardwood floor? The house I recently bought has hardwood floors, but I've noticed that some spots are spongy when I walk over them. There is visible downward flex in certain spots to an observer of someone walking across the room. I took a coin and tapped across the floor, and the spongy spots have a hollow sound. What is the cause of this, and is there a remedy without tearing out the whole floor?
How do I secure a toilet bowl to a tile floor? The bathroom in my house was redone right before I moved in. After moving in, I noticed the toilet is loose. It seems to only stay in place due to it's sheer weight, and it has quite a lot of jostle whenever it's sat on. The floor in the bathroom is ceramic tile. How can I safely secure the toilet to the floor without risking ruining the title? Also, are there any plumbing issues to be corncerned about?
Why won't my shower's temperature handle let the water get hot enough? Whenever I go to take a shower, I have to turn the handle to the absolute hottest setting just to avoid freezing. I know the hot water works in my house, so that's not the issue. It just seems like I should be able to make the water hotter if I could just turn the handle more. Is there a way to accomplish this easily?
Why won't my shower's temperature handle let the water get hot enough? The cause is generally that the flooring or subfloor is not securely attached to the joists underneath. Usually this happens because the joist settle or bend over time and the flooring becomes loose or detached in spots. If you can get underneath the floor and find the soft spots (say from the basement or crawlspace?), you'll likely see that there is a gap between the flooring and the joist. Just get a chunk of 2x4 and sister it to the joist so that the flooring sits on top of the 2x4 with no gap between them. If that doesn't stop the spongyness, you might want to use some clips or small angle brackets with short nails or screws to attach the flooring to the 2x4 from the bottom, or toe-nail through the 2x4 and into the bottom of the flooring (but be careful not to go all the way through it of course)
Why won't my shower's temperature handle let the water get hot enough? Dig your hole to a depth appropriate for the height of the post. Place a pre-cast concrete biscuit (block). It should be a couple inches thick and can be square or round, but the round ones usually fit the hole more easily. Place your post in the hole and backfill with dirt.
Why won't my shower's temperature handle let the water get hot enough? A lot of utility providers will provide a basic home energy audit for free. If this is the case, it's a no-brainer. If they don't provide an actual audit, then they often provide statistics for what an average home should be consuming, so you can assess if you think you're using too much. Besides for that, you can check for drafts or cracks in windows and doors yourself as a basic audit. After that, I've found just be living in my home, I can tell if a room is too hot or cold compared to the rest of the house, and then look for problems then. With all that said, I think that you should take a long view. If you have no free audit options, and you can find an affordable paid service, it'll most likely be worth it in the long run.
Why won't my shower's temperature handle let the water get hot enough? How old is your hot water heater? I ask because I ran into the same issue. I'd turn my shower on full hot, no cold water at all and I'd still only get warm - semi-hot water when realistically I should have been scalded. Turns out my hot water heater was set too low (was set on the "A" setting out of "A, B and C" with "C" being the hottest). I set it to "C" and that solved the issue for a while. It started doing it again, I called around and found out that as a hot water heater gets older it loses it's heating capability. My water heater was about 12 years old and wasn't heating efficiently. Got a new water heater and now I get steaming hot water again.
How do I add more circuit breakers once the breaker box is full? My house was completely rewired by the previous owner. They tore out all the old knob-and-tube and replaced it with modern wiring. I definitely appreciate this, but unfortunately they left absolutely no extra space on the new breaker box. Every single slot is filled with a circuit breaker. It's not that the circuits are doled out too liberally either. Its just a small breaker box. It fits the requirements of the house exactly, but leaves no room for future expansion. So, what are my options for adding more breakers? Can I add a sub breaker box? Or should I just replace the whole thing with a larger one?
What's the best approach to repair a wedge/corner crack in my foundation? I've got a wedge/corner crack on one corner of my foundation. I'll try to post a picture of it as soon as I can, but here's a sample image of what I'm talking about: However, my crack is more complex. There are actually two pieces. The upper piece looks like the one in the picture above, and the lower piece looks like a mirror image, such that the two broken pieces of the corner are wedged against one another at their tips. This makes repair problematic, since the two pieces are wedged against one another so well that I can't pull either free to put any kind of repair compound on the back side of the cracked pieces. If I simply fill over the crack, I'm worried that it won't be strong enough to hold the pieces to the foundation, and it will just crack again. How would you suggest that I should proceed? I'm thinking I have these two general options: Try to inject some repair compound as deep into the cracks as I can, hoping that I'll get it deep enough to bond the pieces to the foundation. Do my best to remove the pieces so that I can apply repair compound directly to the back surface, even if that means doing more damage to the pieces themselves.
What's the best approach to repair a wedge/corner crack in my foundation? From Pex Information: Flexible PEX tube is manufactured by extrusion, and shipped and stored on spools, where rigid plastic or metal piping must be cut to some practical length for shipping and storage. This leads to several advantages, including lower shipping and handling costs due to decreased weight and improved storage options. PEX plumbing installations require fewer fittings than rigid piping. The flexible tubing can turn 90 degree corners without the need for elbow fittings, and PEX tubing unrolled from spools can be installed in long runs without the need for coupling fittings. Attaching PEX tube to fittings does not require soldering, and so eliminates the health hazards involved with lead-based solder and acid fluxes; PEX is also safer to install since a torch is not needed to make connections.. PEX resists the scale build-up common with copper pipe, and does not pit or corrode when exposed to acidic water. PEX is much more resistant to freeze-breakage than copper or rigid plastic pipe. PEX tubing does not transfer heat as readily as copper, and so conserves energy. Water flows more quietly through PEX tube, and the characteristic "water hammer" noise of copper pipe systems is virtually eliminated. PEX plumbing installations cost less because: PEX is less expensive than copper pipe. Less time is spent running pipe and installing fittings than with rigid pipe systems. Installing fewer fittings reduces the chances for expensive callbacks. If you are only going to be doing a little bit of work, check with your local rental stores, you may be able to rent the tool for a decent price.
What's the best approach to repair a wedge/corner crack in my foundation? I've had success using aluminum spray paint to cover old water stains on the ceiling.
What's the best way of replacing a plug or switch in a house with aluminum wiring? My house has aluminum wiring, which from what I understand isn't recommended any more. How do I replace a plug or switch since the new unit only takes copper wiring?
What's the best way of replacing a plug or switch in a house with aluminum wiring? Here's what I did in my house, based on internet research and asking my Dad, a construction superintendent. Buy some wire nuts made for multiple types of wire and some anti-corrosion compound (usually available in the same area of the hardware store). Take some copper wire and twist it together with the aluminum wire. Put the compound on the wire and some inside the wire nut. Twist the wire nut onto the wire twist you made. Use the new copper end to connect to the new plug/switch.
What's the best way of replacing a plug or switch in a house with aluminum wiring? It really depends on how many breakers you intend on adding and what level of service you're already getting. Most of the time, the number of circuits in your breaker box corresponds to the level of service you're getting. Personally, I'd recommend getting an electrician for this to calculate your energy needs. However, if you know you have adequate power, and you're only interested in adding one or two circuits, you can use piggy back breakers to split the space normally reserved for one breaker into two. As always, make sure you're using parts that are specified as appropriate by the manufacturer.
What's the best way of replacing a plug or switch in a house with aluminum wiring? My parent's house has aluminum wiring. You can either search for CO-ALR switches and plugs which take aluminum wires or get the paste as you said and wire them together. The paste is important, otherwise the wires corrode and start rubbing/sparking .... bad mojo from there.
How should I prepare doors and windows for painting? I'm mostly interested in what is the best way to protect the wood from bad weather, but any other advice on how to improve overall quality of work would be appreciated.
How should I prepare doors and windows for painting? For a non-floating floor, you would stand on the squeaky part while someone screwed in through the sub-floor in to the squeaky part of the floor. I've never dealt with floating floors before, but I assume this is not an option because the movement might cause cracks?
How should I prepare doors and windows for painting? On each side of the toilet base you should find a rounded cover. Pry these off and that should expose the bolts that hold the toilet to the base plate. Start by gently tightening these bolts. You should use a wrench, but don't over-do it.
How should I prepare doors and windows for painting? I've used them before and they do make it a lot easier, especially if you have trouble keeping paper still from moving in the corners, as I do. I don't think they have any structural benefits or anything like that so if you have trouble with paper tape, try them out in a corner and see if it's easier. You can always take it out and go over it with tape if you need to.
How should I prepare doors and windows for painting? Doityourself has a good article called "How to Repair a Shower Faucet: Water Doesn't Get Hot" that covers how to troubleshoot and repair a cartridge-type shower faucet, which I suspect is your problem.
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use? I'm interested in installing LED lights in my home, and I'm having a dilemma between buying LED bulbs and rolling my own solution. I have some questions on how to DIY: How efficient is it? Single 1W led can yield about 90lm which sounds impressive, but when coupled with rectifier losses, dimmer, and resistors, what lm/W should I expect for 8 * 3 leds on 12V transformer? Quality of light? How comparable the warm white is to fluorescent light-bulbs? Would mixing few yellow LEDs yield nicer color? Other things to consider?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use? If tightening the bolts on the toilet doesn't work, you may have a cracked flange underneath the toilet. You don't mention how much it moves but if it's a lot, I would recommend pulling up the toilet (make sure to plug the sewer hole with a towel!) and making sure everything still looks okay underneath, including the flange and wax seal. A badly rocking toilet can lead to a leaky wax seal. If nothing is broken try to determine if the floor is just sloped or something that can be fixed with a shim or something to level out the floor. If the toilet isn't moving that much, you can slide a metal or plastic shim underneath from the outside. Just be aware that a lot of plumbers consider a rocking toilet to be a precursor to a leaking toilet so if it's been rocking for awhile you might want to take a look underneath just to be safe.
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use? Strip off all the old paint and sand the wood very well. Then use a good primer that seals the wood that water cannot enter it. Finally paint the wood in a colour of choice.
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use? The only reason to replace the entire box is if aesthetics: if there isn't enough room on the wall for two boxes, or the box is in a closet or cabinet where there isn't physical space. Putting in a new breaker box is much easier than replacing an entire box. If you replace the entire box, you will need to rewire every breaker. When the original box was wired there was lots of slack on each wire, but after each breaker was installed the wires would have been trimmed. A good electrician will allow slack in the wires for reconfiguring breakers, etc. but if it's a small box you may not have enough wire, or you may end up running the wires in ways that aren't as neat or professional as it should be. With a new box, on the other hand, you only need to remove one 220V or two adjacent 110V breakers. The old wires can be run into a junction box to provide as much length as you need for wiring into the new box. As Mike Sherov noted, you need to be sure that your service can handle the load and number of circuits. That'll be a location specific code issue. If the knob-and-tube wiring was recently replaced I'd be surprised if the old service (probably 50 or 60 amp) wasn't upgraded as part of that process (likely to 150 or 200 amps). If your new circuits are within the capacity of your service and local regulations permit, this is a job you can do yourself. If you choose to do it yourself, in some jurisdictions you can ask the inspector if your plan will keep you in code, to save the cost of a consultation with an electrician. (In some places of course, they're too busy for such questions.) Or you can research it yourself: it's not difficult if you have access to a code book.
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use? Many faucets have an adjustable range. In the last one I installed there was plastic ring with v-grooves around the outside of it: to adjust the range you positioned two stops that hooked into the v-grooves. Recommend the TIA* approach to see what you can see - it may be very straightforward. Just don't drop the screws down the drain! *Take It Apart
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use? Another advantage to PEX if you're doing a from-scratch installation is that it's typically installed using a manifold at the water source with a run to each faucet. That approach significantly reduces pressure loss at one faucet when another faucet on the same branch is turned on, as often happens with copper plumbing. You could do the same thing with copper, of course, but it would be prohibitively expensive in time and materials.
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? When installing faced insulation into exterior walls, are there any benefits or detriments to adding an additional vapor barrier to either the non-faced side of the insulation?
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? In my area metal studs are not cheaper than wood studs, but still widely used by pros. That leads me to think that there must be a big time savings with metal once you're experienced. In a large installation the consistency of metal makes follow-on work like electrical and drywall go much faster. I only used metal once, and found that it was slower than wood for a DIY guy like me. I can pick-and-choose my studs so there isn't a drywall issue for the small jobs I do. In short, if you're finishing your basement or adding a wall in a remodel, I'd stick with wood. If you're framing an entire house metal might be worth the investment in tools and learning.
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? Last summer we rebuilt our fence using advice from The Fence Bible. The advice was great, and the directions clear. The author covered both concrete and compact dirt/rock footers for wooden fences. I'd highly recommend it to anyone building a fence for the first time. Concrete does risk rotting the wood because of water build up, but that can be mitigated with proper drainage. Dirt footers can be problematic if you have very loose dirt in your yard. Dirt requires lots of work with something heavy to compact it, concrete requires mixing and handling concrete. We set ours in dirt/gravel and realized it was exactly the right choice when our fence was hit by a car 4 months after we built it. The car shattered two 4x4 posts, a gate, and several rails, a 3rd posts was pulled from the ground, and every other post along the run titled about 5 degrees including a 6x6 corner post; 10 posts had to be reset in all. Our neighbor (whose fence was also hit) had concrete footers, which were pulled from the ground, or shifted several inches but left in the ground. His footers had to be removed and replaced, and all new posts were required. We had to replace the damaged parts (2 posts, a gate and several rails), but we could reset the others. If we'd had concrete I suspect more would have broken, and we would have been unable easily reset any that had titled (granted fewer might have tilted but that energy had to go somewhere, hence the assumption about more broken posts).
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? Mix in a few other colors as well, then use a microcontroller to mix a suitable color based on time of day, mood, and the music that is currently playing.
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? In our new house, the shower controls in the kids bathrooms are adjustable so you can set the temperature to prevent scalding. Even if the kids push the control all the way to HOT, the water will only be comfortably warm. I'm not sure about all controls, but on ours you pop the face off the control. Inside there are 2 (I think) geared rings that you can position to set the maximum temperature.
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? @eric-petroelje has it right: you need a weeping tile system on the outside of the foundation so that water drains away from the foundation at its base. Installing it after-the-fact means digging down to the footings around each wall in turn. If you have a high water level, there is no product on the planet that can resist the hydro pressure from the water table. You need to divert the water, not resist it. While the side of the foundation is exposed there are several products you can treat the exterior concrete with: essentially spray-on sealants that will give you a first-class job. I've only seen that on TV, though. The three times I've helped with this kind of job the exterior sealant was not applied and there was no leakage afterward. There are companies that specialize in this: in my area installing weeping tile around the perimeter is a job in the 50k range. My dad did it to two of his rental houses using a spade, though: it can be done if you're not a lazy GenX-er like me. If your moisture problems aren't severe, and you don't want to commit to an expensive job like this, you could see if a sump pump solves it for you. Essentially you dig a 1 ft square hole in the basement floor, down about four feet, and install a pump to discharge accumulated water outside before it becomes a problem. That's a solution somewhere between the DryLok approach and the weeping tile.
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? Many issues here. Let me go over in as much detail as possible: Background: I love energy efficiency, and when doing my kitchen researched this LED Vs CFL vs incandescent lights extensively. Notice there are also permit (legal) implications, depending on which state you leave (CA has Title 24 for example). Connector types: There are several connectors that make the decision of which light you can use tricky. the main ones are Edison: The screw type, accepts CFL, Incandescent and some LED bulbs Pins (2 or 4): Accepts florescent. Was invented mostly so that for permits purposes, they can make sure you are installing an efficient light and will not go and replace the CFL bulb with an incandescent one after you pass the permit. GU10: mostly used for high voltage halogen GU5.3 Bi- Pin: mostly used for low voltage halogen High level rules: You never go with incandescent when it is incandescent Vs CFL (Edison, screw system). LEDs are getting there, but not enough to justify the price and their light output is very low. You can only go with pin florescent if you have a florescent "hw". that is the only thing that you can plug there by design. Never use Halogen. If it is a GU10 (line voltage), get a $20-$30 LED (MR16). you get 4W Vs 35W. Light output is lower, but you can get HW with simply more heads. Replace 3 halogen with 5 LEDs and you are fine in terms of light and energy savings If the halogen is a low voltage, things get tricky. You can just replace the head with a 3-5W bi-pin LED. they run $10-$20. They problem is that you need to make sure your low voltage converter will work. converters have what's called "minimal load". For most of them, they expect a 35-50W halogen so they have a minimal load of 10-20. That means that when you plug a 3W LED, they may not kick in. you solve it by either using a remote transformer that feeds "enough" LED bulbs, or get a transformer that is "led" designed, but really all it means is that it has a minimal load of 3w and goes all the way up to something (I have a 3-60W for mono-points). Lat general tip: do not mess with dimmers. Just on/off. My personal choices: For kitchen recessed light I got LED LR6-GU24. It is 12W, think that the florescent way would suggest I put a 23W bulb for each of these (I have 7). That means 50% saving. Same light output (they say it is 65W equivalent, but it feels like closer to 90W). No one can tell it is LED BTW, it is bright and even (not a "pin" of light, and well spread). Cost efficient: great! less energy, and upfront cost was the same as getting a florescent can combination. (you may get cheaper florescent if it is not for a permit and you do the Edison type) For a bat lights I went with 3 mono points. Each has a transformer built in. I did not (suggest you never) buy "LED" lamps since you pay a huge premium for getting the LED HW. I just got the transformer with minimal load of 3W. I then threw away the GU5.3 Bi- Pin halogen and got Maxxima LED MR16. They are very good price (value) company. I compared the light to a $30 GE and these one are just as good. Notice that at 3W it is indeed just ambient light. good for over the bar in addition to some other light in the room. If you need more power, get 4 or 5W bulbs. see maxxima site For spotlight lights in the center of medium size room, I went with much cheaper "line voltage" fixture from Lowes. These fixtures expect GU10 halogen (25-50W). I got in this case a the more expensive $30 LED GU10 bulbs (GE, at home depot). They are great, but I hope you can do better on the price. I have 5 and for medium size dining room, correctly targeted, it is nice light to use while eating.
Additional Vapor Barrier with Faced Insulation? Not what you asked, but for safety the most important thing, even more important IMO than getting the right rise and run, is that every step is consistent. Varying as little as 1/4 inch in rise will make even a ballerina fall on her face if she's running up the stairs.
Is it worth it to insulate hot water PEX tubing? Is it worth the time and expense to put the foam pipe wrap on pex hot water pipes? I've seen mixed statements. What is your thought? But more importantly, can you back it up?
Is insulating an unfinished basement worth it? If so, how should I go about it? I have an unfinished, well waterproofed basement with cinderblock walls and a concrete floor. All but the top 6 inches / 15 cm or so is underground. Would it be worth insulating the walls down there? How would I do it? We have pretty long, cold winters and the summers are generally mild - a few 90 degree F days, but mostly high 70s to 80s.
Is insulating an unfinished basement worth it? If so, how should I go about it? You would insulate it by building a false wall in front, insulating with fiberglass batt's(sp?) and putting on a vapor barrier of plastic. For the false wall, some do 2x4's, others 2x3's. Some put the studs on 16" centers, others 2'. If you ever plan on finishing off the basement, I would recommend 2x4 & 16".
Is insulating an unfinished basement worth it? If so, how should I go about it? I live in the midwest with the same climate and my parent's house is almost exactly as you describe yours. Well waterproofed, cinderblock (painted with UGL drylok), concrete floor (their basement is carpeted) and no insulation. As a child I spent many an hour playing down there and was never cold, even on the coldest winter days. So I'd say no, I see no need to insulate.
Is insulating an unfinished basement worth it? If so, how should I go about it? Can't really answer the worth it part, but for the how I would say use polystyrene foam board. Here is a quick run down on how to do it. It might be a good idea to insulate. You might not feel cold/hot due to the outside temperature, but you most likely are wasting money on your heating/cooling bills. Just because you don't feel cold in a room, doesn't mean your not running the heater too much to keep it that way.
How do I lay asphalt shingles on a roof, and what should be under them? How do I lay asphalt shingles on a roof, and what should be under them? Are they self-adhesive? Can I stick them directly onto plywood?
Buying and installing vinyl siding My house has vinyl siding. I am considering installing vinyl siding on a shed also. How do I find siding to match what I already have on my house? (It is only a year or two old, but installed by the previous owner.) Can I expect to find what I need at the local Lowe's or Home Depot, or are many brands of vinyl siding only sold by specialty retailers or directly to contractors? Looking at my house, there seem to be a lot of different pieces: regular, top, and bottom boards; corner pieces; special pieces around doors, windows, sillcocks, and electrical outlets; and so on. How do I find out what pieces I need? Is that particular to each manufacturer?
Buying and installing vinyl siding Considering that it's underground and insulated by 5 or so inches of concrete, so I would bet it's already much better insulated that the rest of your house. Also, in the winters the ground temp is usually warmer than the air temp, so that would tend do make things even better. If it's cold down there in the winter it's probably because you don't have any heat vents in the basement (many houses don't, or they are always closed). If you have those crappy single-pane "basement windows" though, I would recommend you replace them with glass block. That would almost certainly be worth the money.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? I've been trying to find a cement additive to change the color of some mortar, but only seem to be able to find it in liquid form at my local big-box hardware store. I'm looking for a similar product that can be added to dry mortar mix. Does this even exist? Where can I find it? Back-story: I put down a patio of pavers a few years ago and apparently didn't put down thick enough plastic sheeting underneath. I skimped because the area seemed too shady to promote much weed growth. Boy was I wrong. I have major weeds growing through the cracks between the pavers. My plan is to power wash the patio to get most of the sand out between the pavers, and then replace it by sweeping dry mortar over the patio and then misting it so it will harden and form a barrier for the weeds between the pavers. To get the color right I'd need to mix the color into the dry mortar before spreading it. I'm not sure how well this will work, but I am going to try on a small area first to see how it goes. If anyone sees any major pitfalls with this plan, please speak up in the comments.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? It not so much about the rise and run lengths specifically ,but about the ratio of the Rise to Run. You should strive to hit a 30-35% ration of rise/run. A 7-11 is the most common and gives you the correct ratio, but any combination of rise to run that hits this 30-35% ratio would be fine.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? Not sure if it would interfere with the operation of the gates, but if you set that tube into the ground and left a slight lip sticking above the cement, that would probably do a lot to keep stuff out of the hole.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? Locking pliers Commonly known by the genericised trademark "Vise-Grip" I find that I use it one way or another on every project I do.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? A good solid 3-4 pound drilling hammer ...because regular hammers can chip when struck against hardened steel (i.e. chisels, star drills, hardened nails, etc.).
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? I've seen powder concrete colorant on home improvement shows but to be honest I've never used it. The shows I've seen have had great results with it. Looks like you just throw it over wet concrete and let it soak in.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? Depending on your climate you may need some additional material. My roof has an ice guard on it to keep ice from forming at the edges and backing up underneath the roof. I've also got roofing felt as a barrier between the plywood and shingles. Roofing shingles are nailed down with galvanized roofing nails (at least mine are) and the little roofing work I've done has used a nailgun to nail the shingles through the roofing felt and plywood. The shingles have a compound on them (may be just plain old tar) that seals around the nail to prevent water from dripping through. Unless they've come out with new self adhesive shingles you're going to have to nail each course to the roof.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? A collection of good-quality clamps of different sizes, including some that can be tightened with one hand.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? A hammer drill Something you'll definitely want if you're doing any kind of drilling into masonry or stone. A bonus is that these can typically be used as just a regular drill by turning off the hammering action, so it's basically a 2-in-1 tool. Some even let you turn off the drilling action so you can use it like a small jackhammer.
Do they make a non-liquid concrete/mortar color additive? A good knife. Always in my pocket when working on something. (Knives like the one pictured seem impossible to find in hardware stores in the U.S. Where are they sold?)
Which communication bus systems for home automation? Many communication systems have been proposed for home automation (e.g., HVAC control, alarms, access control, light control, and entertainment), including 1-Wire and X10. Which system is best suitable for a beginning home automation DIYer, especially in terms of the variety of low-cost devices available?
Do thermostat-controlled, auto-adjust HVAC vents exist? The residential forced-air HVAC systems I have seen are controlled by a single thermostat in one room. One has to manually adjust the vents in order to adjust the temperature in other rooms. Is there such a think as thermostat-controlled, automatically-adjustable vents so that one can have multiple heating/cooling zones without having multiple furnaces and air-conditioners?
How do I discharge the capacitor of my refrigerator? In order to avoid electric shock, I need to discharge the capacitor of my refrigerator before working on it. How do I do it, and where can I buy an appropriate power resistor?
How do I discharge the capacitor of my refrigerator? I've never seem them in action before, but apparently people do make them. Every time I've seen multi-zone heating in a house, it's always been boiler based.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? I have a steam-radiator heating system. The furnace is in the (unfinished) basement, and the steam-carrying steel pipes spread out across the basement ceiling before going up into the rest of the house. Should I insulate these pipes in order to save energy in the winter? Or will the furnace itself heat the basement so much that insulating the pipes doesn't matter?
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Another supplier (I have no connection to them beyond them being based in my home state, which is how I know about them): Home Comfort Zones
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? You would need a 20,000 ohm 2 watt resistor. Not sure if the big home stores would have that though. Might need to call around or check with an appliance repair shop.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? You can, some wall papers are designed to be painted over (I once dealt with a building that had wall paper that was designed to reinforce old plaster walls and then be painted), although most is not. Make sure you remove any loose pieces, and cut out any bubbles that have formed. Patch any uneven spots (where you cut the paper, seams, other marks). Sand the patches after they dry. Use a good quality oil based primer and cover the whole wall to seal it well. If the paper is a dramatically different color than your paint, re-prime with a primer that matches your final paint (so probably a latex primer the second time). Paint with your final color. BobVilla.com has a descent set of notes on painting over oil-based primers.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Absolutely it's worth insulating. Concrete is a poor insulator. 8" concrete blocks have an R-value of 1.1 - about the same as 3/4" particleboard. In my neck of the woods the frost line is about 3' down. So, assuming that a house here has a 40x40 foot square footprint and the basement is 8' high: 160 lineal feet x 6" = 80 square feet exposed to air; 160 lineal feet x 3' deep = 480 square feet exposed to ground above the frost line; 160 lineal feet x 4.5' deep = 720 square feet exposed to ground below the frost line. Calculate the heat loss, using the formula (Area * (Tinside - Toutside) / (thermal_resistance) See here for a complete explanation Assuming it's 0F outside and 70 inside (you said long and cold :) ), we'll say the above the frost line is 20F and below is 40F. Above ground: 80*70/1.1 = 5091 BTU/hr Frost line: 480*50/1.1 = 21818 BTU/hr Below Frost line: 720*30/1.1 = 19636 BTU/hr Total: 46545 BTU/hr. Now sheath and insulate with R20 insulation. Call it an effective R15 due to thermal bridging by the studs and because you don't do this every day so there are some gaps, etc. Then your total comes to 3414 BTU/hr. You save more than 16,000 BTUs/hr, or almost 400,000 BTUs/day. In a 6 month winter that's 72 million BTUs. Your $ savings will depend on the price of energy in your area, what you're heating with etc. $15/million BTUs is not unusual: that's higher than it was in Alberta where I'm from, but lower than California where I'm at now.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Unless you have the tools and knowledge, let the pros handle this one. I don't think this is really a diy project, there is a reason the installation cost is so high.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Insulate the pipes. You are likely losing a lot of heat into your basement if they aren't insulated. Unless your basement is finished (and therefore you want the heat there) you want to keep as much heat in those pipes as possible so that it gets into the main part of your house. The heater (and other similar equipment like hot water heater) should heat the room enough to avoid freezing or being a drain on the rest of the house, which is all you really need to worry about. It can also be safety concern if those pipes are running places where you might inadvertently touch them.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Circuit Breaker Finder Tracer / Receptacle tester.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Asphalt shingles by themselves will keep out the rain. Extra steps increase longevity. You need to follow the manufacturer's directions (take photos!) if the warranty is important to you. Careful preparation can double the installation time and increase the cost by 25%. Whether it's worth it to you depends on how catastrophic a leak would be. For me, my garage or shed gets minimal preparation since a leak doesn't matter that much - it can be patched when it stops raining. For a house or any finished space like a nice studio, a leak will mean ruined drywall, etc. so more attention is warranted. In order from minimal work to a complete, nice job: Minimum is a double course of shingles at the bottom of the roof. The bottom course should be upside-down with the tabs cut off. This is the minimum I'd do, maybe for a shed. Next up is covering the roof with roofing felt before installing the shingles. This increases the longevity of the shingles and helps the nails hold. I'd do this for a garage. Best, if you're in a cold climate, is covering the roof with roofing felt then adding a 4' course of ice dam, which is a self-adhesive rubber membrane, at the base of the roof. This helps prevent ice dams from damaging the shingles. I'd do this on any roof over a finished space. The shingles are not self-adhesive, but you'll see strips of tar on the backside. After you nail the shingles down, the sun will melt these strips and adhere each course of shingles to the one under it. One thing about the double-course of shingles that you start the roof with. The reason you cut the tabs off and reverse the shingle is to get that strip of tar at the very base of the roof. The tar will melt and glue the first tabs down, helping prevent the wind from getting under the shingles. For some reason many people I know, including my father who I worship, will put an upside-down course of shingles first without cutting off the tabs, to save time I guess. To me this is pointless since it does not do its job, which is to lock down the tabs at the leading edge of the roof.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? My other answer only answered "what should I put under the shingles". I reread the question and see that @Vebjorn asked how to install shingles. Doing a shed is a good project if you haven't shingled before. Doing a house is harder because of the peaks and valleys. To shingle your shed, assuming a straight gable roof: A. Roofing felt. Buy a roll of roofing felt: you can get that at Home Depot or wherever. Starting at the bottom of the roof, staple down a layer of roofing felt. Just roll it out, then use a staple gun to fasten it at the top, bottom and middle about every 2 feet along. After the first layer is put down, add a second layer. Overlap the first layer by about 6 inches. B. Shingles Start with a layer of upside down shingles, with the tabs cut off. Ask the person at Home Depot for a knife for cutting the shingles - it'll be so dull and gross afterwards you won't want it for anything else. Position the shingles so the overhang the sides and leading edge of the roof by about 1/2". Nail the 1/2 shingles with the strip of tar at the base of the roof, putting nails in the shingle 4 across, top and bottom, i.e. eight nails per shingle. Measure the width of the uncut shingle. Measure that length from bottom of the 1/2 row of shingles on each side of the roof and make a mark. Snap a chalkline between those marks. Do the first "real" course of shingles. Again, overhang by about 1/2". Put 4 nails per shingle, about 1" above the cuts that define the tabs. Put one nail on each side, and one above each tab cut. Use the chalkline to keep them straight. Now the second course. You want each shingle to be offset by 1/2 tab from the shingles below, and up by 1/2 a shingle width. On the sides of the shingle are little cuts: bend the top part and that will give you a reference to "butt" against the lower shingle. That will keep your shingles level. Likewise, there is a cut on the top of the shingle, in the middle of the tab. Bend that up on the first row of shingle (already nailed to the roof). That will give you a place to butt the new shingle side-to-side, to ensure that the new shingle is well placed horizontally. After the first one is placed you can just butt the shingles against each other, so only the tabs on the new shingle are necessary. When you get to the end, cut off the flap as best you can straight with the line you want. Then go back and do the gap at the beginning: you can often use the cutoff from the end you finished to fill in the end you started. (It probably wasn't clear in (4), but I like to start with a full shingle, then come back and fill in the bit at the beginning of the course). Continue until you get to the top. The last shingle should fold over to the other side. Then do the other side. C. The peak Now you have two sides of shingles folded over. You need to finish the peak. Cut a shingle into three tabs, cutting up-and-down at the tab slot. Turn a tab sideways, and fold it over the peak at one edge of the building. Choose the edge away from the prevailing wind. It should be half-and-half on each side. Measure how far down the peak it goes, the mark the same distance from the peak on the other side. Snap a chalk line. Continue to nail tabs (1/3 shingles) along the peak, two nails per tab, using the chalkline to line them up. You won't have the tabs to help you with the offset now, but by now your eye will be pretty good. :) Finish up with a 1/2 tab. Tar the exposed nails.
Should I insulate steam pipes in the basement? Metal might make more sense for a basement where it could be damp and cause rotting of wood.
How can I fix a screen door that sticks? I have a sliding screen door that leads out to a porch/deck. The door continually sticks and is just doesn't slide open cleanly. Otherwise the screen and everything is fine. Is there something I can do to fix this or do I need to replace the entire screen door?
What's the best/easiest way to paint edges? Been doing a lot of interior painting lately and I always find the edges — by the ceiling, windows, baseboards, etc. — the most tedious. What's the best way to paint the edges — old fashioned cut brush? Some of these special edging tools they have at all the home stores? Some other method?
What's the best/easiest way to paint edges? I've used the Shur-Line Paint Edger with some success -- mostly against the ceiling, though. Some tips for using it: Don't get overzealous and load tons of paint on it - it will just overflow onto the spacer wheels and track nicely spaced marks across your ceiling. Another side effect of too much paint is a raised bead of paint on the wall beneath the edger that you will have to feather out, unless you want a uniform ridge running around the room 4" from the ceiling I gave up on the corner edger that Shur-Line makes and went with a brush for the corners. The corner edger either didn't cover the spot I brushed it over, or left a bead of paint to each side that I'd have to go over with a brush anyway. For window frames and baseboards, I ended up using blue painter's tape and a brush. Careful with how long you leave the tape on though, since it can pull up paint that's underneath it. I wouldn't recommend using blue painter's tape for anything but trim, which usually has a high-gloss or a semi-gloss finish, making it so the tape doesn't stick as well. UPDATE: After painting the bedrooms of our house with the Shur-Line Edger, I moved on to using a 2" angled brush for the rest of the house. It took some getting used to, but I could actually do it faster than with the edger by the time we were through.
What's the best/easiest way to paint edges? Have you tried lubricating it? Seems worth a shot for the price before replacing the whole door.
What's the best/easiest way to paint edges? Depending on the size of the cracks an asphalt sealant should close things up and protect the driveway. If the cracks are large you might have to get some asphalt patch and then seal it. your local home improvement store should have asphalt sealant and may have asphalt patch available. Asphalt sealant is pretty messy stuff though, best to wear throw away clothes and boots.
How can I repair a pothole on the edge of an asphalt driveway? I have a large pothole in my asphalt driveway that extends to the edge. I'm considering repairing it with cold patch blacktop, but I'm uncertain of how to deal with the edge. Do I need to add a 2x4 form, or is there a different product I should use?
How can I repair a pothole on the edge of an asphalt driveway? Depends on what's at the edge of your driveway? is it grass? then you might want to brace with a 2x4 against the ground just to keep the edge nice. If you don't want to dig up the ground to put a 2x4 in the ground you could probably get away with a thinner piece of wood.
How can I repair a pothole on the edge of an asphalt driveway? It seems that X10 is simplest solution if applicable, because it relies on existing electrical lines. Beside 1-Wire, protocols like RS-485, and CAN bus are also good option because they work well on large distances (tens or even hundreds of meters). Protocols like i2c or spi, are usually reserved for shorter distances (few meters) and are useful for say sensor to micro controller communication.
How can I repair a pothole on the edge of an asphalt driveway? I really doubt it is worth it and I have never seen it done.
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? I guess measuring it's weight would be one of the answers, but it doesn't seem practical because wood of a same type can probably fluctuate in it's density enough to make measurement unreliable in 10-20% moisture range. Are there any specific tips for wood like ash, beech or oak?
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? I've been very unsatisfied with X10-based automation systems. I've installed a bit of it in my home, and find them flakey. Smarthome's Insteon is a combo powerline/RF system that at least should be less flakey than X10. This is what I will probably try next myself, since it's backwards compatible with X10 and fairly inexpensive. Beyond that, there are Z-wave systems like Leviton's Vezia RF+ which look pretty interesting, but they're pricy. And I hear people say great things about UPB products, but again, they cost about twice what Insteon goes for and are powerline only. In my house, I think an RF component is a good idea because each half of my house is on a separate electrical box. Insteon also makes every component a repeater, which is helpful in my house again because there are some walls filled with concrete. For me, anything that can repeat a signal is a good thing (at least I hope). One complaint (~2006-2007) with Insteon was reliability of the devices themselves, but I understand that this has improved. My experience researching home automation is that you can get excellent solutions by spending a very large amount of money (tens of thousands of dollars). For reasonable money, there's no one great answer, but there are answers that work pretty well. My suggestion is to build out slowly so you don't sink too much money into a single solution before finding out what really works in your house.
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? You could do something with trunking on the surface - either put in skirting with built-in trunking or try to find some trunking that matches your skirting and put it just above... Then run all your cables through that.
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? If you really want to be sure there are moisture meters you can purchase. Just do a google search for "Wood moisture meter" and that'll tell you what the moisture content is.
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? I've had success with this Paint Edger it's nice because it has little tabs that flip up when you put paint on the pad, and then flip back down to glide along trim or the ceiling. Because the tabs flip up it is less likely you will get paint on them, which makes it less likely you will get paint where you don't want it. But I still don't think there is any substitute for a steady hand, and patience.
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? A good old fashioned, quality paint brush. Get a good quality paint brush and take good care of it. It's a lot less time intensive to use a good brush and make a good line than it is to have to tape it first.
How can I tell if wood is properly dried? A mixture of warm water and vinegar works well. or you could substitute fabric softener if the vinegar smell bothers you. Apply a liberal amount with a spray bottle or rag, wait, and peel.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? There's a few bricks around my house about 40cm up from ground level where the vertical mortar between the bricks has completely fallen out / eroded away. In a few spots, there's insects going into it and making a home. I think I should fill it in, but I'm not sure of the best way to do it. Mix up some mortar? Just use caulking? I'm in SWO, Canada, so whatever I do has to be weather resilient.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Have you lived there long enough to compare the performance of the system to previous summers? (Sometimes units are undersized, or paired with poor duct design.) Is the air coming out of the vents cold? Is it as cold as you remember before problems started? Is the airflow at the vents good? After he added coolant, is the system working better? If yes, the system was low on charge. If not, something else is wrong. It is possible for the system to be low on charge, but still be able to keep up on days that are moderate (albeit at a lower efficiency than a properly charged system). It is also possible for there to be a leak, but the HVAC guy missed it. He probably only did a quick leak check (soap bubbles). There are more involved (expensive) tests he can do. However, they may not be necessary. If adding coolant made the system work well, wait and see. If the performance degrades again in a few weeks/months, you have a leak. If there is a leak, it is usually in the outdoor unit, which is exposed to the elements, and takes a beating. The good news is that the unit is probably still under parts warranty (typically 5 years for a cheap unit, 10 years for a good one), so if there is something expensive wrong, the parts should be covered. (When was the last time your air filter was replaced? If it's been more than 6mo, look at it and see if it is OK. Replace if necessary. If you aren't up for replacing your air filter at least once a year, you should consider a service contract where the techs do it for you.)
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Your best bet is to get a moisture meter, like this one: Amazon link to one meter. Moisture meters come various ranges: you want one that measures in the 6-14% range or so. Anything above 14% is not useful for woodworking as it will shrink too much. Meters come in two varieties, pinned and pinless. The pinned meters measure stick two electrodes into the wood about 1/4" and measure the electrical resistance. You tell the meter what species you're measuring, and it uses an internal table to tell you the moisture content. The pinless variety won't mar your wood, but they're quite a bit more expensive. They use induction or ESP or fairy dust or something to read the moisture level. If your wallet is glued shut, you can use weight to measure the moisture content. Have a look here.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Call a professional. I'm not sure there are really any diy ways to handle asbestos. In most places you need a license, and lots of expensive equipment to remove asbestos. You might be able to find somebody in your area willing to come out and take a look for free, if you are really lucky and they are really nice (or really hard up for work) they might even test it for free. The removal will most likely be a bit costly though.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Asking which bus to use is the wrong question here. What you should be telling us is what you want to do, and then the technology to do that will follow. One problem I've found is that to get the best stuff, you have to mix and match technology. For example, Insteon, Z-Wave, and UBP are all leading for lighting/power control, but if you insist your security system has to use the same technology, you're going to have to pick from the best of the security systems that use that bus, not from the one that best meets all your actual security system needs. The nice thing is though, there are a lot of both hardware controllers and software out there that can integrate various things together, so even if your actual security sensors are hardwired and/or some proprietary wireless protocol, you can still likely get at the least alarm conditions and at best full status/arm/dearm control onto your lighting network using addd-on products designed for that.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Sounds like your compressor is dying. You are probably on borrowed time. Hard to say how long it will last, because it depends on how much the unit is running (depends on climate). A total lifespan of 15 years is reasonable for a unit before major repairs are required. Note that newer systems are usually far more efficient (SEER and EER ratings). And so they can pay for themselves pretty quickly. Especially with the tax credits that are available now.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? There are two ways to do it: Use CO/ALR switches/receptacles: these are specifically designed for aluminum wire. They have "CO/ALR" stamped on them somewhere. When you connect the wire, use a paste like Noalox (box stores sell it). Use a pigtail connection: Sometimes it is not possible to find CO/ALR switches with the function or style you need. You can use a copper wire to connect to the switch itself as usual, and then a #63 wire connector to connect the copper wire to the aluminum one. Here is a picture of a 3-way dimmer switch I installed using this method: (apologies for fuzzy picture) Note that you do the same thing with switches that have wires coming out of them already (like most dimmer switches do) or any other fixtures. To quote from the ESA (Ontario Electrical Safety Authority)'s Notice on Aluminum wiring in residential installations: Even though not required by the Code, it is recommended that bare ends of solid aluminum conductors be coated with approved joint compound. ... The Ontario Electrical Safety Code permits the installation of aluminum wiring. Adequate precautions shall be given to the terminations and splicing of aluminum conductors; Aluminum wiring itself is safe if proper connections and terminations are made, without damaging the wire and devices approved for use with aluminum wire are employed. Aluminum wiring is widely used today for larger commercial and industrial feeders. Electrical distribution companies use it widely throughout their distribution systems including the supply service cable to most residences; in fact it may still be used today for interior wiring systems in residential homes as well as other structures. ... Aluminum wiring itself is safe and if proper connections and terminations are made without damaging the wire and using approved materials installed in accordance with the Ontario Electrical Safety Code and the manufacturer’s instructions, there should be no problems with the aluminum wiring installation. In either case: Connect with #63 wire connectors. Use the anti-oxidant paste on the wire and any other connections involving aluminum (apply to the wires before you screw on the connector). Use a wire brush to remove any oxidation before applying paste and making the connection
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Another way to do this which is definitely easier if you're retro-fitting is to use smart switches, such as Insteon or UPB switches (there are others as well, including the older X10-based products). These will allow you to connect one of these switches to the load being controlled, and then have other switches remotely control that switch (they communicate with each other either over the power lines in your house, or wirelessly). The benefit is you don't have to run any new wiring. You can also add keypad controllers and remotes, and start having a single keypad that controls multiple lights at once, all with different levels of brightness and ramp rates (fade speeds).
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Make sure you clean the joint very well (with a stiff bristle brush) making sure you remove all dust and debris from the crack. Mix up some mortar and put it in something similar to a pastry bag (the thing bakers use to decorate with). A large Zip-Lock bag with a nipped corner should work. Squeeze the bag so the mortar fills the gap making sure the mortar goes as deep as possible. Wipe off any excess mortar. Wait for the mortar to dry slightly and then tool the joint to match existing joints.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? If you can remove one panel carefully you might find the manufacturer stamp on the back. It will narrow down the search down a little bit. Otherwise just a small sample would be nice to have when visit the stores. I've seen websites on the web that identify manufactures based on the sample that you send. Both Lowe's and Home Depot sell some vynil siding. Not a huge selection. Honestly, it doesn't have to be exactly the same. The previous owner used a similar siding on the addition and i didn't notice until i had to replace a panel.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Utility Knife For about $10-15 USD you can get 100 utility knife blades, so you don't have to worry about sharpening your knife/breaking the blade (except your eyes of course!). I use mine for all sorts of stuff.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? A Good Multi-tool My personal favourite tool was my Gerber - though I know some people also like/prefer Leathermans. This is one thing where going cheap is not worth it. Anything Gerber, -Leatherman, -SOG, or any other quality tool brand really shines when compared with a cheap $10 variety. Seriously - save up for a few months and buy a good one. You'll be very glad you did. I used mine almost daily until I lost it :'( I'm saving up for a new one :D
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Check if the wall is load-bearing See that link for how to do this. Try to see if there are are any high-voltage lines in the wall Look for light switches, receptacles, lights, hard-wired smoke detector In some cases, a wire may run though the wall, but not be visible. This is very hard to determine, and takes sleuth work (look for wires entering the wall from floors above/below, and consider based on locations of other electrical if it's likely this wall is used to run wires). There are voltage detectors that MAY be able to detect the lines, but not guaranteed (though if they indicate, you know there's a line there for sure). Check for low-voltage lines as well (cable, phone, internet, doorbell, HVAC, speakers). These are probably even harder to find than high-voltage lines unless there is something on the wall that gives it away. Accidentally cutting one of these is a pain, but not nearly as dangerous or life-threatening as a high-voltage line. Check for plumbing This can include hot/cold water, waste lines and vent lines. Waste plumbing works on gravity, and so it will usually take the shortest route. Find bathrooms/sinks and the main waste lines in the house, and see if this wall falls between them. Supply plumbing is hard to detect unless there is a fixture on the wall. Requires some sleuth work. Check for air ducts Relatively easy to determine: if there is a vent on the wall or you can see duct work connecting to it (cavities inside walls are often used as vertical ducts) Can be a bit harder to find if it's used as a riser to connect horizontal runs between two floors. If it's above/below the main duct run then it's possible. If you remove a wall without re-running vents, you may be cutting off the supply or return to an area of your house, which can reduce air quality and comfort. Central vac pipes Generally the rule is to try and avoid as many turns as possible, and avoid going up towards the vacuum. Same idea as finding waste lines: find the vacuum and the wall ports, and if this wall is in the most direct path between them it's likely to have lines. You may also be able to hear them, especially if you put your ear against the wall and have someone suck up a small pebble or something noisy (but that won't damage the vacuum). Gas lines Pretty unlikely to find gas running through the middle of a wall (especially one you're considering tearing out) but it's still a possibility. Again, if the wall is the most direct route between the gas source, and the appliance (consider: water heaters, furnace, oven, BBQ), it's possible In a commercial structure, the wall may be a fire wall (there will be doors on auto-closers separating this area from all others if this is the case - though check with your local fire department or building inspector). Of course, even if you are fairly confident there is nothing in the wall, don't just pull out the sawzall and tear through it - put some holes in it first to visually inspect for anything you might have missed. Most people will take all the drywall off at least one side before touching studs, as it gives that total check that everything is good to go.
Should I fill eroded mortar in exterior brick? Tankless heaters are rated by the amount they raise the temperature of the water at a specific flow rate (and as the flow goes higher, the amount they raise the temperature is lower), for example: Rise in Temp:    50°F      75°F     100°F Flow rate:    3.8 gpm   2.4 gpm   1.9 gpm Basically, the lower your incoming water temperature, the larger a unit you need to get. Sizing is also dependent on the number and types of simultaneous consumers of hot water (eg, being able to run two showers at once requires a larger size than is needed for just a kitchen sink). This manufacturer site shows incoming temperatures in North America, and helps provide sizing information based on their models. Anecdotaly, I know virtually all new construction I've seen around Ontario for the past couple years (including Ottawa, Ontario) uses tankless heaters. Resource: http://www.tanklesswaterheaterguide.com/
What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches (that are on the US market) ? When putting in a new switch for a light it is often less work to put in a smart switch than run the mains cables. However, how do you choose the type of smart switch to use? See also "What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches (That are on the UK market)?"
What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches on the UK market? When putting in a new switch for a light, it is often less work to put in a smart switch than run the mains cables. However how do you choose the type of smart switch to use? See Also "What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches (That are on the USA market)?"
What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches on the UK market? I do it with just a 3-inch brush (Wooster). Get a small bead/line of paint on one side of the brush and then wipe the other side clean on the paint tray. Then pull the brush along the edge as straight as possible. One thing I have learned is that when you are up on a ladder with your face a couple of inches from the spot you are painting, the newly painted edge will never look perfect. But trying to make it perfect will just make it worse. Pull the edge out once (as straight as you can) and then move on... you'll find that when you are down off the ladder it will look pretty good.
What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches on the UK market? Safety glasses and ear plugs (and work gloves too). Get a good pair of safety glasses so they are comfortable, won't fog up, and do not scratch easily and then take good care of them (just like they are regular glasses). Wearing safety glasses when you are working below anything is huge to not only protect your eyes but also just make it so much easier to do the work. If you are working outside then get the sunglass ones (they can double as just regular sunglasses too - I leave them in my car). Buy a package of the foam ear plugs... and use them all the time. This is the other item that is huge to protect your hearing but then also make it much much more comfortable to do whatever loud do-it-yourself job you are working on. You will notice a big difference between your stamina when wearing the ear plugs. For instance, if you are pounding in nails, with the ear plugs in you won't notice the sound, but without them, the constant high pitched noise takes a toll on your ears (and wears you out for the job faster). (They also are great for just blocking out noise to let you concentrate.) The other basic safety equipment is work gloves.
What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches on the UK market? An ABC rated fire extinguisher for each room containing potential fire risks, such as kitchen and garage.
What are some pros, cons and recommendations for multicables? Currently saving to build a new home and I'm going over wiring options in my mind. My current home has too few sockets, cable connections and LAN ports (yes I still like wired LAN, wireless is good but wired is faster). I'd like to solicit some recommendations for pros and cons of multicables (I.E. cables that have power, telephone, network, and TV cable all bundled into one). Has anyone used a multicable bundle and if so, what are the ups and downs of them? I'd also like to get some good recommendations of a brand to use. Cables and wall plates if you have come across them before.
What are some pros, cons and recommendations for multicables? I would not recommend these. I researched them a few years ago when building and opted to just do them all individually. Coax (Quad shield RG6), cat 5e, cat 3, and speaker wire. It was actually more cost effective to buy them all in 500-1000' spools individually, than to buy a lot of multicable. Plus, the interference can be an issue. You could combine the phone and network use cat 5/6 for the phones, but again, it was more cost effective to buy them separately.
How do I fix a squeaky floor below my carpet? I have a squealy floor below my carpet on the 2nd floor of my house. It sounds like the subfloor under the carpet is moving up and down a little and makes this awful load squeak when I step down on this specific location. It can be reproduced at will.
How do I fix a squeaky floor below my carpet? Fixing a squeaky floor beneath a carpet is a fairly complicated process that's probably best illustrated with video. This Old House provides a wonderful tutorial. The procedure demonstrated at that link does not require you to pull up any carpet and uses scored screws to hide your work. This seems to be the most hassle-free way to do what one might expect to be a huge job.
How do I fix a squeaky floor below my carpet? If there's movement you'd do best to pull back the carpet and nail down the subfloor. Hopefully the squeak isn't in the middle of the room. I had a squeaky floor at an old house, had to pull back a large chunk of carpet and drive a few nails through the floor to anchor it down. Best of luck.
How do I fix a squeaky floor below my carpet? Workbench with a Vice This may not count as a "tool", but not having one can make DIY projects difficult. I don't have one, and trying to sharpen a mower blade on your kitchen table is sub-optimal. Then there was the metal bracket I needed to drill a hole into... holding it with my hand... I've had my eye on this bench from Home Depot. I like the steel work surface. I will need to drill holes to bolt the vice to the top, though. Update: Last weekend, I bought this bench along with a 6" vice. My dad and I assembled it as a weekend project. We drilled holes for the vice and secured it with 1/2" bolts. Overall I am pleased with it. It did require a drill for assembly, which was a little unexpected. Here are the photos. (Sorry for the poor lighting, a good workshop light is next on my list!)
What type of block should I use for a small retaining wall? I am just starting on a new project to build a small 10 x 10 patio in the front of my house. The 10 x 10 area is not level with the front left corner sloping down about 8 to 10 inches compared to the back half which is mostly level. I am assuming I would build a small retaining wall to build up the front by that 8 to 10 inches. Any recommendations on the type of material or block to use?
What type of block should I use for a small retaining wall? 5-in-1 Tool: Great for scraping, pealing, poking. I use it all the time (and it is stronger than a putty knife).
What type of block should I use for a small retaining wall? Other people have already answered this one pretty well. I just wanted to add one thing. While you are replacing the outlets, it might be a good idea to use GFCI receptacles where appropriate. GFCIs should be used wherever stuff that is plugged into it could be exposed to water. (Outlets that are near kitchen/bathroom sinks, outdoor outlets, outlets that are right under a water line, etc).
What type of block should I use for a small retaining wall? The PO did it in my house, but we have a well. He insulated the cold-water pex wherever he could, probably because it sits in a pressure tank and he was hoping it would stay cold. When you touch the cold and hot copper, you can feel cold and hot which means the heat transfer for copper tubing is efficient. (should insulate) Grab your pex and see what you can feel.
What type of block should I use for a small retaining wall? Note: in some jurisdictions (e.g. Australia), it's illegal to do your own wiring - you have to use a licensed electrician.
Cause of eroded mortar in exterior brick This question actually reminded me of an issue with my exterior walls. I have the same problem with the vertical mortar being eroded/missing from several bricks at ground level on the exterior of my house. I live in Alabama, so we don't have much severe weather (unless you count ridiculous humidity), and I have no idea how this could have happened. The rest of the mortar is fine, but only a few joints are completely missing. Is there a way to prevent this from happening? Is this some purposefully built structural feature that I'm just oblivious toward - they seem to be fairly regularly spaced. When the home inspector came by before we bought the house, he didn't mention anything about them, and I didn't really notice them until we moved in.
Cause of eroded mortar in exterior brick After a bit of searching, I found this explanation here:
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? I recently purchased my first home. It has two bathrooms and the water pressure in both is less than ideal. What are some steps I can take to increase the pressure?
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? This is an effective trick a plumbing contractor once told me. Go to your local home improvement store and buy a cheap shower head (the one I picked up cost $1.50). If you look down inside of the showerhead you'll see a washer which constricts the water flow. If you take a drill and enlarge the hole, thereby increasing flow, the water pressure will increase. I didn't think it would work but it did!! If you want to go the expensive route, there are pumps you can purchase that will attach to the piping and add pressure to the water. I've heard of such a thing but never looked for one.
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? Is it the water pressure for the whole bathroom, or just the shower that's sub-par? Before I bought a house, my last apartment had really poor pressure in the shower, but the bathtub faucet was fine. I removed the shower head to see if that was the cause, and sure enough, there was plenty of water pressure in the shower, it was just the cheapo shower head that the apartment had installed. I bought a Waterpik and it solved everything.
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? Use a light bulb. Besides being more than capable of dissipating the power, it has the bonus of telling you when the capacitor is empty since the light will go out. The best way is to use a spare light socket and touch the two wires to the capacitor leads. Lacking a socket, some wire and electrical tape will do the trick if you're careful.
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? X10 Pros: Many manufacturers, and wide variety of products are readily-available (As of 2012, this may not be the case any more) Low-cost Cons: Old protocol (circa 1975) Most devices communicate over power lines, and design makes it susceptable to interference from noise. At worst, noise can be interpreted as commands (causing lights to turn on). Slow and fairly basic. Sending more than 2 or 3 commands takes a couple seconds. Only supports 256 addresses per network (total number of discrete dimmers, scenes, and sensors combined) Requires phase-couplers to bridge both phases of power together Requires PC or special hardware to program Products Smarthome makes fairly decent quality switches, which support scenes (multiple devices responding to a single address). Insteon Pros: Relatively low cost compared to other products on market Decent quality switches Basic linking (including scene programming) can be done using devices themselves, PC-based programming for more advanced control. Each device has unique address (16 million possible), and supports Hybrid powerline/wireless: many devices use both to communicate, and most devices repeat signals to increase coverage/signal strength Easy to interface to other products due to market size: There are even several iOS apps that can control Insteon if you have an ethernet bridge Most home automation controllers can communicate Cons: Swapping out a device can be difficult due to addresses being hardcoded (need to reprogram all other devices that were controlled by or control the swapped device) Some strange limitations in scene programming (eg, cannot program a scene that sets some devices on, and others off) Products Smarthome makes a wide variety of products and is also the designer of Insteon UPB Pros: More reliable protocol than X10 Simply-Automated's switches (at least) are extremely flexible: Can configure 1,2,3-tap and press-and-hold behaviour for every button 8-button switches are configurable with interchangable faceplates to be anything from a basic dimmer to 4 dimmers or an 8-button keypad or almost anything in between Cons: Uses power-line carrier, so it requires phase-couplers to bridge both phases of power together Complex to program, requires PC software Products: Simply-Automated makes switches, plug-in modules, in-line modules, I/O connectors and computer interfaces Z-Wave Pros: Wireless, and each Z-wave unit acts as a repeater, so the more devices you add in your house, the better coverage you get. Standardized and easy to D-I-Y, you don't have to have it professionally installed Cons: Still a technology 'maturing', so you might have to be a bit of a hobbyist to get it all to work correctly. Products: Thermostats by Trane and others Light switches by GE and others Locks by Yale, Kwikset, and others Controllers by many vendors, either PC-based (Homeseer, z-wave.me) or separate devices (MiCasaVerde, Homeseer)
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? Is it the bottom row of bricks, and are they regularly spaced? (I guess that's only possible if your foundation comes up 40cm.) Because if that's the case, they're weep holes, and shouldn't be filled in. Otherwise, I'd go with @Tester101's answer.
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? Low pressure can be caused by old galvanized pipe, which often build up deposits causing the water to be restricted. Another cause of low pressure can be incorrect pipe size. I like to run a 3/4" trunk line with 1/2" legs to fixtures (which I think is pretty common). Some houses have pressure reducing valves on the supply line, which are used to control the water pressure inside the house. Here's a video explaining how to adjust this valve. Start by loosening the lock nut. Next turn the adjustment screw. Turn the screw Clockwise to increase the pressure. Turn the screw Anticlockwise to decrease the pressure. Once the proper pressure is set, tighten the lock nut. These answers all assume the pressure is low in the whole house. If it's just the shower see the other answers.
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower? It really depends mostly on the look you are going for, any kind of retaining wall blocks should work fine. The most important thing is making sure that you put down a good foundation for the bottom row of blocks. Make sure to trench it out a bit, put some gravel in the bottom of the trench and sand on top of that for good drainage and to prevent frost heave (if you have frost in your area). Level it out nice and put down the first row of blocks. Once you have that down, the rest is easy.
What's the minimum recommended compressor HP/PSI to spray paint? I have a little compressor that I use for a small brad nailer and blowing up tires. Is there a minimum PSI or horsepower that I need to be able to get to in order to spray paint with it?
What's the minimum recommended compressor HP/PSI to spray paint? not 100% certain on this, but a double vapor barrier will actually cause harm as the moisture will have no where to escape to. Especially if you place it on the non-faced side. If you place it on the already faced side, it probably wont hurt, but is pointless as you already have the barrier .
What's the minimum recommended compressor HP/PSI to spray paint? The spray gun should have a min/max PSI rating on it (or in the manual), if your compressor can go that high you're good to go. Although if it's a small compressor it's going to be running quite a bit to keep up with the expended air from a paint gun and you may run into trouble if you don't have enough pressure.
What's the minimum recommended compressor HP/PSI to spray paint? In the U.S., shower heads are required by government regulation to restrict water flow in order to save water and energy. By law, they must deliver less than 2.5 gallons per minute. For this reason, many shower heads will deliver less than ideal flow and/or pressure. To get around the law, and benefit those with less-than-stellar water pressure, many showerheads (e.g., the Waterpik I recently bought) come with instructions for removing the flow regulator. If you've discarded those instructions, a quick Google search should be all you need to figure out how to remove the flow regulator in your shower head.
What's the minimum recommended compressor HP/PSI to spray paint? Paint sprayers have a pretty low PSI requirement. I'd be more concerned about the CFM (Cubic feet per minute) rating of your compressor. That would indicate whether it can compress the air fast enough to keep up with the sprayer.
What's the minimum recommended compressor HP/PSI to spray paint? I've removed all the wallpaper from our house. In the three bedrooms, it was painted over. I think I've seen the gamut of wallpaper removal. Easy Wallpaper just stripped off in nice sheets. This was in the dining room. It wasn't painted over. It took Maybe 15 minutes to do a 14' x 10' room. Hard This is the technique we used for two of the bedrooms where the wallpaper had been painted over. Messier, much more work, but the only option. Perforate wall paper with wallpaper perforation tool Apply steam using steamer Scrape off paper with 4" putty knife Extreme The last bedroom we did, I came close to giving up and resorting to either tearing out the drywall or some other extreme measure. We tried everything, in the end it took 6 nights of work to do a small (10' x 10') bedroom. The paper was very, very stuck on and then painted over. The steamer could not soften up the underlying glue layer because of the paint, even with very liberal perforation. If you held the steamer on long enough to get the paper off it had already softened up the underlying drywall and you'd very easily gouge the drywall and remove paint/backing. So we resolved to first scraping off the top layer of paint exposing just the wallpaper backing and then using the normal technique for wallpaper removal with just the backing. (I will have to check my notes, as I don't think this is quite the exact steps yet.) Perforate wall paper with wallpaper perforation tool Use a sharp scraper (we found this one worked best) to remove the top layer of paint. Working one 3' x 3' section at a time, apply steam, scrape off using paper scraper
What are some ways to wire rear speakers in a home theater system? I have two rear speakers, that I never use, since I don't have a good way (yet) to wire them. I have a hardwood floor. And the side of the room that is nearest to the TV+Audio source is open. So I don't have a wall to run the cable next to it.
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? I have not done any maintenance on my central air conditioning system since I bought my house five years ago. Everything seems to be running fine but is there some sort of maintenance I should be doing regularly?
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? Non-Contact Voltage Tester. This comes in very handy to make sure you turned off the correct circuit breaker before doing any electrical work. And really helps if you have some funky wiring in your house and not everything in a single box is on the same circuit.
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? Every year or two I call out a professional company to check the coolant levels and check for any mechanical defects since I don't have all the gear to do it myself. Aside from that I just try and keep the area free of debris and anything that could damage the unit. In my case I have a tree off to the side and several branches hang over the unit which I trim back, don't want a branch falling off and spearing through the unit.
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? Have you thought about using in-ceiling speakers? Then you could fish the wires through the ceiling (assuming the joists run the right way or you have access to the attic).
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? Most local HVAC service companies offer an annual service plan where they come out once a year (twice a year for a heat pump), check over everything in the system (indoor and outdoor), clean off the coils, replace the air filters, etc. They will measure the voltage and resistance of various electrical components in the system, as well as measure the temperature of the coils to see if anything is out of whack. If you have a service contract, there really isn't anything else you need to do for maintenance except make sure the outdoor unit isn't overgrown with grass/leaves/whatever. Around here, a service contract for a heat pump (2 visits per year) runs $150-$200 per year. I think it's in the sub-$100 range for just an A/C unit, since they don't have to care about both heating and cooling. I also have a humidifier plumbed into the HVAC system with a moisture pad that has to be replaced annually. Replacing the moisture pad is covered as part of the my service contract (as well as the air filter). Most of the HVAC companies around here will also give you a small discount on repairs if you have a contract with them (call you a "Preferred Customer").
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? If you have well water, the pressure in the holding tank may not be correct. The cut in and cut out pressures may need to be calibrated.
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? If you're installing in room where you can't drop above or below the room to run your cables, consider putting up crown molding -- it typically leaves a small channel behind it which is ideal for hiding speaker cables. You can then punch holes in the top of the wall where you need to run vertically, fish the wires through, staple it up into the corner, then install the crown molding to hide everything. You can also go the low route, and hide them behind your baseboards, but there isn't always a void behind them, so this could get a little messier if you have to trim away drywall (or plaster in older homes) to create a channel you can use. You also have problems with baseboards if you have to go past any doorways.
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? There are various degrees of a "zoned" HVAC system. A simple zoned system will include motorized dampers in the ducts to direct air where it is needed. e.g. If one room is too cold, but the other ones are fine, the system will shut the dampers to the other rooms, and then fire up the heater so just the one room is heated. More sophisticated zoning systems for larger house will include multiple heating/cooling units (e.g. one for the upstairs and one for the downstairs). Zoned systems can also work on a schedule. (e.g. keep the downstairs of your house comfortable during the day, but direct all of the airflow upstairs at night.) As you can imagine, the control systems for such a unit get pretty complex. Motorized dampers everywhere, control lines to all the dampers, thermostats in the various rooms. It all adds up to a lot of money. It is also a lot of stuff that can break. Because of the complexity, most HVAC contractors will avoid doing a zoned system unless absolutely necessary. It is usually easier to install a big air handler (enough CFM to cover the whole house), and then put a few manual dampers (1/10th the cost of motorized ones) and tweak them until they are right. EDIT: Another option to consider is a multi-split system. Instead of having all your ducts connected back to one central air handler unit, each room/area has its own indoor unit, with its own fan and thermostat. All of the indoor units have refrigerant lines that are connected to the outdoor condenser unit. Each unit can heat/cool independently. Some systems even allow simultaneous heating and cooling (good for server rooms in an office building). Because they are ductless, they are a good fit for retrofitting a house with no ducts. They do not make a lot of sense in an existing house that is already ducted, though.
What type of regular maintenance should I be doing on my central air conditioning unit? Like Eric said, CFM is the important thing, and most small compressors have a low (< 1 CFM @ 45 PSI) output. For doing anything besides light airbrushing (and I mean the artistic kind), you definitely want something with a greater output. In addition, most paint sprayers will tell you what their consumption is, i.e. 1 CFM @ 45 PSI or 2 CFM @ 90 PSI or something like that. It really depends on the airgun because you have HVLP (High Volume, Low Pressure), HVHP, and LVLP (those are rare). But they'll have a sticker or marking of some sort to tell you what they need. For painting, you really can't use a smaller compressor, you'll need a larger one, probably at least 15 gallons (they tend to have a large enough motor). Just match up the paint gun to the compressor.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? What is the best solution for removing popcorn from the ceiling if I want to get it to look smooth afterwards? Edit: thanks for your answers! Would you estimate that replacing the drywall on the ceiling would be less work/mess and result in a better finish?
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? Many, many things. First up, voltage. For historical reasons just about every domestic installation in the UK uses the same European standard voltage of 230V for every socket. In turn, almost all sockets used indoors are the same size and shape and deliver the same maximum current. (Some farms have three-phase 415V supply, but I don't think that's often run to the house itself...!) Just in itself that introduces a whole level of complexity as the higher voltage is much keener on using a human being to find its way to earth. Secondly, current. UK domestic power sockets are all rated at 13A, whereas in the US there's typically different sockets for different kinds of jobs. However, these sockets are joined in a "ring main" which is typically rated at 32A in total for all the sockets on the ring: so in theory connecting live and neutral on a ring main can deliver 230V * 32A = 7.3kW. Makes for a nice bang. So it's wise to be careful. Power in the UK is distributed from the supply company's meter to a "consumer unit" (these days, RCDs and circuit breakers) from whence the ring mains for sockets, lights and heavy equipment are powered. Like sockets, breakers are double-pole. The power company generally only provides a single-phase supply from their meter, it's an offence to tinker with anything upstream of that. Earth is typically a ground spike combined with a connection to the water main (if it's metal) or the gas main. Separate earth runs need to be made to exposed metal fixtures such as basins or bathtubs. Most houses have two ring mains, typically upstairs and downstairs, and for convenience most have an upstairs and a downstairs lighting ring. Electric cookers typically and water heaters (immersion heaters) typically get their own spurs. Lighting, the ring mains, and high-current spurs use different sizes of cable. The UK has been described as one of the most heavily fused countries on earth. As the ring main can in theory deliver 32A to the socket, each appliance has its own fuse built into the plug. That, along with the higher voltage and current, is one reason why the UK has such big plugs. These fuses are (these days) clipped into their own holder which can be (reasonably) easily extracted without taking the plug apart; they come in 3A and 13A sizes. There's more, much more: bathrooms and other wet areas have their own special restrictions, there's regulations about how wires can be joined together, how many sockets can be on a ring, the distance between sockets, the number of spurs permitted, and so on and so on. A two year apprenticeship is a good start, as is careful digestion of the Wiring Regulations. What can be done by a DIYer? Notionally buildings regulations have always required a "Competent Person" to do any electical work. Since the introduction of Part P of building regulations a recognised contractor needs to inspect major work or work in bathrooms and kitchens.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? Whether shielding is strong enough to protect your data or not (I've not heard it is) I would think it's rare that EVERYTHING in a multi-cable is going between the exact same points A & B in the same order. Lights connect switch-to-fixture, power outlets can run a loop while network needs to take each jack back to the closet. I wired co-ax through a room in series once, and got in trouble with the cable installer due to signal loss. While the idea of combined cable may sound nice from an organizational standpoint, I'd think it would only be good for about 20 feet of distance in an entire house. And it's frightfully expensive. On the other hand, with a bit of organization all you need to run is power, Cat 5/6 and Coax. Cat 5/6 & RJ45 technically includes 2 phone lines, and even leaves Pins 4 and 5 as line 1 for RJ11 compatibility. (Although never use a single wire for both phone and data, the ring voltage will kill your data.) If you wire the entire house with Cat 5/6 and RJ45 plugs, you can use any cable as a phone line by just plugging an RJ11 into the existing outlet. Very handy. After all that, a few multi-cables can be handy. For example, something bundling Component Video, HDMI, and a few channels of audio can be very handy to connect an A/V stack in a closet to a theater room. But you're still talking very short runs, as you'll just need a single trunk from point A to B.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? Unfortunately, you're going to have a really hard time removing it. The usual solution is to make a couple passes over it with a drywall knife to scrape off the highest spots, then skim coat the whole ceiling to make it flat again.
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling? My wife and I just finished doing this last month. Here's the process we took: Before you start, check to make sure you don't have asbestos in the popcorn. If your house is newer construction, you don't have to worry about this, but if it's older, you may want to scrape a bit off the ceiling and send it to a lab for testing. If it comes back positive, I would have professionals handle it. Otherwise: Cover everything you don't want to get gross and disgusting. Turn off breaker for the lights and remove fixtures. Use a spray bottle or a garden sprayer to wet 5' by 5' sections of ceiling with water. Be careful not to oversaturate it and damage the drywall. Scrape off popcorn with a 6" or 12" taping knife, whichever you find easier to handle. Sand any spots you missed that are still rough. (For the most part, everything comes off smooth.) Apply mud liberally to any gouges you made. Most spots I had to go over were at the seams of the drywall. Sand again. Repeat 6 and 7 if you're OCD like me. If you want to get everything super smooth, shine a flashlight or work light parallel with the ceiling to find raised/gouged areas. Wipe down the ceiling to get rid of any sanding dust. Prime Paint with 2 coats of ceiling paint. Throw away drop cloths Lie on the floor and stare at your new smooth ceilings :) One bit of advice: You're going to make A LOT of dust, and it will get all over everything in your house that isn't covered. We did the whole process before we moved in, so we only had to wipe down the walls and floors. After you're all done, you'll probably want to change your air filter as well.
What do-it-yourself cautionary tales do you have? I'm curious what sort of cautionary tales everyone has come across (or experienced themselves). For instance, my dad used to work on live wires all the time — until he was putting a stove in (220V if you don't know) and touched two wires together. The spark flew off and hit his glasses and melted about halfway through the lens. He still works on live 110V, but he always turns off the 220 circuit now. What about you? Any (hopefully just-as-happy) shocking experiences you folks have had?
How do I nail furring strips without them cracking? While remodeling my basement, I had several walls where I just put up furring strips and foam insulation rather than framing in a "real" wall. I used 1x2 furring strips and attached them with a ramset and 1 1/2 inch nails. Problem is, putting the nails through the furring strips would quite often cause them to crack. I tried pre-drilling (didn't really help) and also tried using 1x3 strips in some places (helped a little, but not much). Is there some trick to nailing up furring strips to keep them from cracking on you?
How do I nail furring strips without them cracking? I once had a tenant who lived next door in our duplex and thought she could hook up her own gas drier. Smelled gas one day and couldn't find where it was coming from, so I knocked on her door. Walked in and the whole place reeked of gas. Checked the drier, and sure enough, the supply line was barely even screwed on. Asked her about it and got one of those "Yeah, it's been like that for a while now, was going to ask you about that" kind of responses. Lucky it didn't take out the whole neighborhood.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? Was rearranging some ductwork in my basement, and noticed that the stuff I took down was pretty filthy inside (especially the return air ducts). Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned out? What kind of (if any) efficiency benefits do you get out of it?
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? It's not the efficiency which you get -- it's less dust in the air. Less dust equals better health in the long run. Lots of dust in the ducts is an indication of a bad air filter and/or leaks around the filter or in places where ducts join/turn. I'd look for that as well.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? We just put some new drywall directly over (under?) the existing ceiling. It was a lot easier and cleaner than trying to take it off. This was in a bathroom, though, so the area wasn't too big.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? Treat your router like a loaded gun, it has a ton of power and can shoot things with a lot of force if you aren't using it correctly. Consider that a router runs at around 24,000 rpm compare that to... A table saw: ~4,000 RPM A drill: ~800 RPM The feed direction and double checking that the bit is securely locked into the chuck is critical if you value your life and/or limbs. If it is making a funny noise, stop immediately and check it, even if it is a pain in the butt. Just once, I shot a loose bit across my workshop at terrifying speeds. I always check thrice since that day.
Is it worthwhile to have ductwork cleaned? For me it was. The house I live in now was previously owned by animal owners. I'm allergic to animals and there was a ton of junk in the air ducts so the cleaning got rid of a lot of junk in the air.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? I was always curious about this. In the states we have: Lumber - Comes most commonly in 2 inch (2x4,6,8,10,12,16) and 4 inch (4x4,4x6) varieties. Plywood - Almost always 4x8 feet Drywall/Plasterboard - Various 4 foot varieties (4x8,10,12) and sometimes 5 foot. Walls are typically framed with studs 16 inches on center, rafters and joists usually the same, but sometimes 24 inches on center. Ceilings are usually 8 feet high, or 10 feet in lots of newer construction. How does this work in the metric world?
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? Always, always, always, always, always make sure the power is off before snipping 240V power cables. And when you do snip them, even if the power is off, make sure your hands are insulated. We had an electrician swear to us that he had disabled all the power to one part of the building, but even so I felt a tingle so I went and confirmed with him that the power was off. He rolled his eyes and said yes. So I got my snips and cut through the wires. BANG! Lots of sparks and some very loud swear words. Thankfully I just happened by pure chance to have my hands insulated.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? (Un)fortuantely in Australia the dimensions are exactly the same. Which always throws me when I measure in MM and I go to the hardware store and they start talking in feet and inches. It also answers questions about why some things are such incredibly odd dimensions. When you convert them from fractions-of-a-cm to feet/inches they usually fit some arcane measuring standard from the 1920s.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? Depends on the country. Most English-speaking countries use imperial system, but convert all the dimensions into m/cm/mm and kg. For example, this is a 2x4 However, it's usually not an issue outside of US/Canada, as most of the other world doesn't build houses out of dimensional lumber. They use bricks, cement blocks, cement panels, etc. and the dimensions are almost always communicated in millimeters Most of the plumbing/windows-doors/etc. uses metric system.
What are framing dimensions like in the metric world? In Canada, while officially we are metric, all the construction work I've been around is done almost entirely in imperial. Everything comes in the same dimensions, and is referred to in feet and inches. Framing is done 16 or 24" on center, standard ceilings are 8' high. Part of this may just be a hold-over from years of everyone doing that way, and then passing that on as they teach younger tradespeople. In school, I grew up learning the metric system, with the most exposure to feet/inches while doing fractions in math class. I think part of it has to do with convenience and standardization as well: a "1.22 x 2.44m plywood" is awkward to say, and changing the dimensions slightly to 1.25 x 2.5 m would be strange. 16" (0.406m) centers is about the right distance for drywall, and so if you had 1.25m sheets of drywall, your centers would have to be 0.416m (or 16.4") to work out.. that's awkward to deal with. Personally, I use a tape measure that has both centimeters and feet/inches on it, and often use cm if I'm measuring any more accurately than 1/8". One thing imperial has going for it, is the foot is a very handy size. There is no equivalent in metric (the decimeter (10cm / 0.1m / 3.9") is too small (plus no one ever says the word "decimeter"), while the meter (3.28ft) is too big).
How can we fix bouncy floors? Our floors are somewhat bouncy, especially in big rooms with long joists. I think that the main cause is that they used 2x8 joists on 15-20' spans. We are going to replace/install hardwood in several areas. Given that we'll have access to the subfloor, what can be done to make the floors less bouncy? Note: looks like it's different from the situation described in http://diy.stackexchange.com/questions/277/spongy-soft-spot-on-hardwood-floor, since the floor moves as a whole and not just in some places and there are no hollow spots there.
How can we fix bouncy floors? You may be using the wrong load. This site recommends using a Yellow #4 load on strips 3/4" thick, or Green #3 for 1/4" - 1/2". You could also use concrete screws. Pre-drill holes in furring strip and wall (about every 24"). Clean holes in walls well (with shop-vac). Using concrete screws fasten furring strip to wall (do not over tighten).
How can we fix bouncy floors? I would just get a sound bar. not as good as actual 2 back speakers, but better then 2, and can't beat its simplicity (one item replacing 4 speakers, a dvd player and the AV box).
Should I replace or repair my dead/dying garage door? My garage door opener is on its last legs, should I replace it or try to fix it? Symptoms: The door does not initially move when the button is pushed, but after giving the door a boost it opens. The door works fine on its own, it is definitely a problem with the motor. The motor does not start when disconnected from the door, but giving it a boost makes it spin. So this has nothing to do with the door. I have worked with electric motors in the past but am far from an expert, and in most cases when dealing with them it was a huge pain in the neck. I'm guessing this is a problem with the brushes, but have never opened up a motor from a garage door opener before so I'm not sure what to expect. Can these things be repaired, or is it cheaper and easier to buy a replacement?
Should I replace or repair my dead/dying garage door? Be careful when walking/working in your unfinished attic... it is very easy to miss a beam and put your foot through the ceiling. Best thing to do is use a piece of plywood if you need to work up there for any extended period of time.
Should I replace or repair my dead/dying garage door? Also look into using construction adhesive to attach the furring strips and then fewer masonry screws.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I need to fish some speaker wire through my ceiling downstairs to the lower part of the adjacent exterior wall. To compound the problem, the ceiling joists run perpendicular to the direction I need to run the cable. I have a feeling I already know the answer to this, but is there any way other than cutting several holes in the ceiling to drill through the joists? The run is about 10 feet. EDIT The ceiling is a smooth drywall ceiling. The joists are I joists.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? A quick google for 'Drill Bit Extension' turned up a 72" extension - that might at least cut down the number of holes involved.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Are you sure the door still moves smoothly? That opener does NOT have enough power to move the door if something is wrong. Try disconnecting the door from the opener and make sure it moves smoothly (springs still good an in adjustment, all wheels move smoothly, etc).
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Consider through the crown molding, or installing some to hide the dable. See my response to wiring rear speakers
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I figured out a workaround for this. Today, rather than using actual furring strips, I just ripped a sheet of 3/4 inch plywood into strips on the table saw. Being plywood, it doesn't split. Not an ideal solution, but worked out pretty well for me.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? In a typical US home, you will have 220 volt, 100 or 200 amp service. In a typical home there are 4 separate connections. They consist of 2 "hot" wires, a ground, and a neutral. We have what is called split-phase electric power. A distribution transformer has a single-phase input (primary) winding. The output (secondary) winding is center-tapped and the center tap connected to a grounded neutral. The other two wires are the "hot" wires, and have a voltage between them of about 220 volts. The voltage between each of them and neutral is half of that. That is why our system is often referred to as a 110 volt system. The ground and neutral share a wire from the electric company. The neutral/ground wire gets attached to Earth Ground at the main breaker box, or at the meter (sometimes both). The Earth Ground is usually both a metal stake in the ground, and the building's water line (if it is metal). The main breaker panel is the only one where the ground and neutral buses are attached to each-other. Even though the neutral and ground wires are connected to each other in the main panel, there may be a significant voltage between them near the end of a run. There is never any loops in a properly wired building, with the possible exception of the ground wires. For most lighting, and electrical outlets, you use one of the "hot" wires, along with a "neutral" wire for power, along with a ground wire for safety. The white neutral wire gets attached to the neutral bus, and the bare, or green ground wire gets attached to the ground bus. The hot wire is generally black, but may be any color other than white, or green. If a white wire is used as a hot wire it must be wrapped with electrical tape of another color. Common examples of white wires being used as a hot wire include end-of-line light switches, and for devices which use 220 volts without a neutral wire. For switched lighting, and outlets, you always switch the hot wire. For a given run the hot and neutral wires are always the same gauge. The ground wire is never smaller than the hot and neutral wires, in romex cable. Armored cable, and wires run through metal conduit can often be run without a separate ground wire. Instead you would use the armor, or the conduit as the ground connection. For appliances which require 220 volts, you will use two breakers which have a connection between them which will cause both breakers to turn on and off together. Newer breakers appear to be a single double-wide breaker which works the same way. Because of the way most breaker panels are arranged, two breakers side by side will be on separate phases. There exists different plugs for each voltage, and current loads. The major exception is for 110 volts, at 15 and 20 amps. 20 amp receptacles have an extra slot on the hot connection, but are otherwise identical to 15 amp receptacles. You can plug any 15 amp plug into a regular 20 amp receptacle. It is very rare to actually see a device which has a 20 amp plug on them. This is because you will often have 15 amp only receptacles on a 20 amp service. Most devices have no fuses, or breakers of their own.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Depending on your house, it may be easier to lift the floor in the room above. There's almost bound to be a run of cable or pipe that goes across the ceiling that already has holes or notches in the joist. Lifting floorboards is much easier than messing with a ceiling!
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I've been a bit cynical of these but tried push-fit on my last project -- works a treat. Pros: it's really really fast and easy, you're more likely to get it right first time, and you can use PEX tubing which is lovely and flexible, so brilliant for doing e.g. taps for a basin on a stud partition. Cons: expensive. Much more expensive. And you'd not want to use them on exposed pipework.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? I have not used the multi-cables but I don't think they're a good idea because I suspect you'll end up abandoning half of the cables in the bundle a few years down the road, and needing to pull some other type of cable. Running 110 AC in the same bundle and to the same electrical boxes as your low-voltage data/telecom/AV stuff sounds like an invitation to interference. Unless you're seriously overengineering your electrical system, you're not going to end up with a "home run" configuration between the electrical panel and your outlets/switches/lamps; you'll probably end up with a few outlets or lamps daisy-chained on the same wire run from the circuit breaker. That's fine for 110; but it's not how people wire Ethernet these days, and I would suggest the "home run" or star topology for your data and AV, too, just to maximize flexibility in the future. I'd also be concerned about combination 110 and low voltage in the same bundle in the event there were some sort of failure/penetration of the bundle - you might end up shorting the 110 right into the low voltage wiring, which would probably be the end of whatever nice equipment you had hooked up to the low voltage (network, phone, CATV) stuff. I wouldn't want to have to turn off electrical circuits because I wanted to monkey with network/speaker wiring - but I wouldn't want to work with knives/diagonal cutters/etc on a cable bundle with live 110 in it, either. If I were specifying new construction, I'd ask for several home runs of the blue "smurf tube" low voltage conduit to each room - my personal preference is to use Cat 6 for everything (LAN + telephone + CCTV) that doesn't absolutely require coax, but I'm not a big CATV/satellite watcher so my tastes may be relatively unsophisticated in that regard. I think the most important thing to keep in mind is that it's impossible to anticipate what you'll want/need in the future, and how technology will change, so you should set things up so you can run new cabling without tearing up walls, or being forced to rip out your entire existing installation.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Wikipedia has a pretty good explanation with pictures.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Well, I had one that more so lead to a DIY project then happened during. Commercial building built in the 1930s, had lamps hanging from ceiling by chains. One day I'm changing a light bulb and someone walks in and flips the light switch. It threw my arm back, almost knocked me off the ladder, and my hand was spotted black for a little while. The wiring running through the chain to the lamp was cloth insulated and had broken down over the years. Needless to say, I spent the rest of the day rewiring all of the lamps in the building. So, be mindful of working in old buildings, even on the simplest of tasks.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? It might be worth checking out the subfloor if you can get access to it in case that is what is not holding up to weight instead of the joists. Otherwise, I know in your comment you stated that you don't have the joists exposed, unfortunately, I don't know of a way to resolve the issue without exposing them as anything you tried to do at the floor level would just be adding weight. If you don't feel your joists are up to snuff, you can reinforce them by laminating them. You would get additional boards of appropriate size to fit snugly next to the joists, then use an adhesive and screw the boards to the joists. Make sure you are getting the additional wood over your load bearing walls, otherwise again you are just adding weight to the situation. Remember though, even if you are going to make it a DIY project, structural work is a big deal and you should at least consult a contractor/architect and make sure you get proper permits and inspections. You can save yourself the money on the labor, but don't skimp on the planning.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? You might be better off avoiding the ceiling altogether and going all the way down to the basement (if possible), across, and then back up again OR go up to the attic, across, and then back down again. It adds about 20 more feet to the run but assuming you have access to either the basement or attic it would be significantly easier.
What is the easiest method to fish cable through the ceiling? Lots of things can be wrong with your garage door or opener: It could be something as simple as needing to replace the springs. If they are torsion springs, you're going to want to consult a professional, as they can store a deadly amount of tension. Consider it as dangerous as electric repairs. Some garage door openers operate on battery. You might need to replace them. Some garage door openers have adjustable settings. This is probably not the problem because you've noticed a degradation in performance and haven't indicated fiddling with the settings at all. It could be a misaligned track, causing unnecessary work for the motor. If all else fails, it's the motor. It's cheaper to replace it!
Why does it take a long time for water to start draining from my tub faucet? Sorry for the awkwardly worded title, I couldn't really describe the issue in one sentence. My shower has a handle that controls both pressure and temperature. To begin showering, I turn the handle, then pull up the stopper (is this the right word?) on the tub faucet to get the water to come out the shower head instead of the tub faucet. For the first few weeks, when I was done showering, I'd simply turn the pressure/temperature handle, the shower would turn off, and the stopper would immediately drop, letting out the remaining water through the tub faucet. Now, however, it takes a good 10 - 15 seconds between turning the handle and the stopper dropping. It's not a huge deal on it's own, but I also notice that the water never fully transfers to shower-head-only when I pull up the stopper, and some continues to come out of the tub faucet. I think it's affecting the pressure of my shower and it's just annoying. Any idea on how to fix it?
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? My shingles were a little worse for wear and I had a "friend-of-a-friend-who-used-to-be-a-roofer" come take a look at it and he said I could save some money on the demolition by just laying another course of shingles over the first. He claimed it was a common technique and they did it all the time at his job, but it sounds a little hinky to me. Is this really commonly done? Is it a good idea? What Are there downsides?
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? It is common to lay up to three layers (at least in my area), but if the roof has lifting shingles laying another layer will just lift the new shingles. If the roof is bad, it is better and probably cheaper in the long run to remove the old shingles and lay the new ones fresh. If the roof is not that bad a second layer can definitely save money, just make sure you check your local codes before doing it. Another concern can be weight. Shingles weigh a lot so the more layers you add the more weight your roof has to carry, if you live in an area with heavy show fall weight could become more of an issue. Personaly I prefer to start fresh each time, but I save money by doing the demo myself.
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? The stopper you're describing is called the diverter. The symptoms you're describing sound like it's gotten slightly bent or nicked. I would take it apart and try re-setting the pin. Maybe scrub it a bit with a light abrasive to true it up. If that doesn't work, replace it. I assume your diverter is in your tub spout. You can usually remove that by removing the hex-head set-screw and then rotating the entire spout (the padded handle of a hammer stuck in the spout can help you get a grip).
Is it a good idea to lay a second course of shingles over an existing shingled roof? As an aside, remember that basement concrete walls are not watertight, so when the ground is wet, the interior concrete may get moisture on the inside. Furring strips directly against concrete is a good way to end up with wet wood, which means mold and rot. Same goes for where the basement floor meets the studs. Full framing an inch or so from the wall with foam insulation behind is better for keeping the finished wall dry, even though you'll lose some interior space.
Sealing a cork tile floor? I just finished installing a cork tile floor (US Floors brand). If I do say so myself, it looks gorgeous! Cork is not generally recommended for a bathroom, but we felt that a half-bath should be a safe bet (not nearly the moisture around as in a full bath). But just for peace of mind, I thought it might be a good idea to seal the cork -- the tiles themselves are pre-sealed, but not the joints (which are incredibly tight, but something could get through). What should I use? Or should I even attempt to seal it?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub? Close examination of the floor of my bathtub has revealed a long, thin crack in the bathtub itself. The bathtub is one of the common plastic-feeling variety (though I am not sure if it is actually a plastic.) What is the best way to patch this crack?
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? I am repainting a bathroom that includes trim with a high gloss. The house is old (1924) and the existing paint may have lead in it. There was a remodel in the '80s, but I can't guarantee the current paint was applied then. My local paint store advised against sanding to take off the gloss, because of the lead risk. They recommended a "liquid sandpaper" product which I applied. However, the first coat of the new paint did not stick (I've been stripping it back off for the last couple of weekends). The paint store also advised I did not need a primer, which I now believe was a mistake. How can I get the new paint to stick to the old?
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? Congratulations on the cork. I put cork in my master bathroom a few years ago and it was the best floor I've ever had - warm in the morning and soft under bare feet. I liked it so much I put cork in our kitchen too. My feeling is that you don't need to seal it. I didn't see any lifting or swelling on our floor over three years. We're not especially fastidious people either - we basically just swiped puddles with a towel when we saw them. Any sealant you put on that is capable of sealing the joints will be a film finish. My gut says the subtle expansion and contraction of the cork along with the flex of the floor will crack a film finish like that in pretty short order, defeating the purpose. One thing you could try if you're nervous is some clear wax. Test it under a cabinet or something to see if you can force a tiny bit into the seam and still thoroughly remove it from the surface. Also satisfy yourself that the solvent in wax doesn't damage the finish of the cork tiles. If it works ok, it might slow down penetration of water into the seams while still remaining flexible.
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? ManiacZX mentioned laminating the joists below, and in my opinion, if you had access to the joists, you'd be better off installing bracing between them (cribbing, bridging, whatever you want to call it) ... but that assumes that you actually had access to the joists. as you're going to be gaining access to the subfloor, you might be able to stiffen the floor as a whole -- put down some adhesive, lay more plywood/chipboard on top of it (ply's more expensive but it flexes less ... I'm not sure how MDF compares to plywood on flexibility), and then screw it down tight to the original subfloor. (and a lot of screws -- might even be worth renting a belt fed screwgun, as you're going to want them every 6" (15cm) or so to make sure the new subfloor is bonded well to the existing one, so they flex as a single unit. If you can get the floor stiffer, it'll distribute the load better across multiple joists, and therefore they should deflect less when loaded. ... Your other option is to come in from the top -- strip the existing subfloor off, install the cribbing, then lay the subfloor back down. Depending on how the subfloor is laid, you might be able to cut windows into it (set a circular saw so it just barely goes through the sheet; you might have to drill a hole and use a wire w/ a bent end as a guage first), expose enough to set the cribbing, close it back up, then to the lamination thing I mentioned above to stiffen the subfloor. ... It's possible that installing the hardwood floor might help to spread load better (especially if it's laid so it's perpendicular to the floor, and nailed in, rather than a floating floor), but it'd really suck to go to the work of laying the new floor, and then have to tear it up because it's still a problem.
How can I paint over a glossy surface that might contain lead paint? Rather than just seal in paint that might be lead-based, especially as you mentioned that you're stripping off the bad coat, it might be worth finally just removing it so you don't have to go through these concerns in the future. (especially if you don't have kids now, but think you might in the future, so you can get the dust over and done with). New York has some recommendations for removing lead paint. The important thing is to keep it from becoming dust and getting spread around the house, which just makes things worse. I believe there are some chemical paint strippers that can be used with lead paint, although that website didn't mention any. I also found mention that Massachusets used to require licensed contractors and require it to be disposed of as hazardous waste, so it might be worth checking before you attempt this. ... If you were going to attempt this without stripping it all off, I'd follow the New York guidelines (contain the area), wet sand to rough up the surface, then prime it and re-paint. Oh ... and you can also get test kits for check for lead paint. Odds are, being gloss and trim, it's more likely though, and even if the top coat isn't, there might be lead in an older coat.
Timber Veneer Flooring? We have existing polished timber floors, it is patchy (different parts of the house are floored with different kinds of timber) it also has a few gaps and holes. We are thinking of laying down some kind of timber veneer over the top, is this a good idea and if so what are the best materials available? (Ideally it would look as authentic as possible)
Timber Veneer Flooring? You might think about replacing the tub.
Timber Veneer Flooring? Most bathtubs that aren't cast iron or steel are acrylic plastic. If the crack is right through the tub and water is leaking though, you should replace the tub. If it's an emergency and you need a short-term repair, I'd use a two-part epoxy. Choose a thin epoxy (2:1 ratio) from the selection at the home center and use a putty knife to try to force it into the crack. Let it cure for 24 hours. This will be at best a short term solution because if tub cracked it must be because it flexed in that spot - it will flex again and the brittle epoxy repair will crack again quickly. If the crack is a surface scratch, it can be repaired with a repair kit such as offered by http://www.surface-repair.com/. The problem is color matching: your tub will have changed color over time and it will be difficult or impossible to get a good match. Another approach is using fine sandpaper. You can get very fine wet-and-dry sandpaper at an auto parts store like Napa. Get 320, 600, 1200 and 2000 grit. Apply some elbow grease to the scratch with the 320. Try to keep the scratches localized and in one direction. Use the 320 until the scratch is gone. Then move to the 600 and keep it up until the scratches from the 320 are gone. By the time you're done 1200 you may be satisfied, but if not you should be able to get a fairly glossy finish with the 2000.
Is a 2x4 strong enough to hold up a porch swing? I'm hanging a porch swing, but the beams run the wrong direction for the support hooks. I've looked up in the attic, and there's a 2x4, lying flat, that runs the correct direction. Will that be strong enough to support, say, 500 lbs? Due to the angle of my roof, I can't actually reach the board so there's no hope of supporting it from above. There's really nothing stopping me from getting a different style of support hook (one that drills into the wood at a single spot instead of two), but if possible, I'd like to use what I've got.
How do I do a minor grout repair properly? I've got grout between some floor tiles that is cracking and coming out in small chips, over time. The tiles and remaining grout are otherwise in great shape. I suspect this is just a problem high-traffic area of the floor in our hallway. I'm not about to tear up the entire floor to solve the underlying issue. But, if I did want to patch the grout (while accepting it is likely to crack again, down the road) what is the proper way to fill in missing grout so that new grout bonds with the old? Should I remove any more of the old that appears to be cracking before filling in?
How do I do a minor grout repair properly? Depends on the distance from water. Homebase, of all people, have a good guide here. In summary, lights in the bath must be 12V and completely waterproof (zone 0). If it's in reach of a bath (standing up or sitting down) your choices are limited to completely waterproof sealed units (rated IPX4) and you'll need a 30mA RCD (zone 1). Other areas at risk of splashing (Zone 3, including above sinks) need IPX4 splash-resistant fittings but don't need the RCD. Outside of that - in zone 3 - anything will do. You may need to have the completed work inspected under Part P of the buildings regulations. Give buildings control at your local council a call - they can advise.
How do I fix laminate flooring that's begun to rise in the middle? We have laminate flooring in our kitchen/lounge and over the winter (which are cold and damp here in New Zealand) the flooring has begun to rise up in a couple of places. It was fitted by the previous owner and it appeared that they had left enough gap around the edge for expansion, but it turns out they didn't. Is there a solution to fix this without having to take most of it up and shorten/reshape a lot of bits? One option we've had suggested is to get a dehumidifier in there to take the moisture out, but that doesn't seem like a long-term fix!
How do I make our toilet flush less vigorously? Our toilet flushes so vigorously that water splashes out of the top of it. Is there a way I can "tune" the flush so that it doesn't flush so hard?
What technique should I use to remove rubble from earth, using a small excavator? I've a patch of earth - mostly fairly sticky Gloucestershire clay - which our previous builder has left mixed up with bricks, larger lumps of concrete and who knows what else. I want to level this and leave enough earth on the surface to let wildflowers and perhaps grass grow. I'm not expecting this to ever turn into a beautiful lawn, so I'm quite happy to have a go myself with a smallish excavator. The particular bit of land will end up hidden behind a coppice so it needs to be made tidy but not perfect. It's about 30' by 70' in all, with a few trees, and on a slight slope. Can anyone share techniques on how best to approach this? Should I consider hiring a driver with the digger, or is this feasible as a DIY job? I've used a digger for a weekend before on a lighter job but nothing quite on this scale.
What technique should I use to remove rubble from earth, using a small excavator? I'm from all metric country, but lot of stuff in constructing busyness are in "cols" that is inches. Again things like 2" or 4" are around 5cm and 10cm, so it's all round numbers.
What technique should I use to remove rubble from earth, using a small excavator? When I've done grout repair I've cleaned out the old grout, did some slight prodding to see if anything else was loose, made sure the area was bone dry and then got a small batch of grout from the local hardware store. You can probably buy a small tub of the premixed grout (unless you have colored grout then you're stuck buying a larger tub usually). I just put it on as normal grout, slap it on, push it in, smooth it out a bit, let it dry and wipe off the excess. It'll take a little while to fade in but now it looks like it was part of the original tile job.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? I have a concrete patio in my backyard that's in pretty good condition. We don't like how it looks, so we'd like to cover it up with brick or pavers. Looking online, it appears that most people install pavers over gravel, so I was wondering if it was a good idea to lay the pavers straight on the concrete patio. Would drainage be an issue? What kind of cement would I use to secure the pavers on the concrete?
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? There are several issues to consider - whether the 2x4 itself is strong enough to bear the load you're putting on it in the direction that you're loading it (so the grade/type of wood is important, not all 2x4's are created equal), whether the fastener/hook you use will overstress the wood in the 2x4 at the point where it attaches, and whether the load on the 2x4 will overstress/exceed the capacity of whatever it is that's attaching the 2x4 to whatever it is that it's attached to/supported by. My unscientific, short answer is "no", I wouldn't depend on a 2x4 of unknown provenance to support the weight of 2 adults (or any number of children) + the weight of the swing, especially given wear & degradation over time. If it was a short run of 2x4 and the swing was attached really well and the 2x4 is attached really well to something strong, yeah, it'll probably work, but if it were my house/family involved, I'd look for a stronger way to hang the swing.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? In most toilets (those that aren't pressure assist), there's a float that will stop water from the tank at a given level. There's usually some adjustment to change the level that the toilet will fill to. Placing something into the tank is used to reduce the amount of water that's used per flush, but as there's still the same depth of water per flush, it won't change the initial pressure of the flush, which is what's going to give you the "vigor" behind the flush. ... Pressure assist toilets are another beast -- I've never had one, so I have no idea how to tune them. They fill a sealed container, so rather than being exposed to the air, they have the full line pressure to use in the flush. I would hope that there'd be something in either the manual for the toilet, or the manufacturer's website on how to make adjustments. If you take the lid off tank, and there's no water visible, then it's likely a pressure assist. If there's no tank ... well, it's likely drawing from line pressure entirely, as they do with commercial toilets. (actually -- I saw a lot of tankless toilets when I was in Europe ... with the flush mechanism in the wall, so it's possible that there's a tank in the wall ... but I have no idea how you would adjust and/or service those).
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? For adjusting the water level in the fill tank, all of the toilets I've come across are adjustable, there is no need to put something in the tank to offset the volume. There will be a float of some sort that is attached to a valve. To have less water fill the tank, you want to adjust the float to sit lower in the tank, thus less water is needed to push the valve closed. For the two fill mechanisms I'm familiar with: For the float arm style there is either an adjustment screw or you can bend the arm. For the newer float on the pipe style, see here. Again, simply the attachment between the float and the top should have an adjustment, move the float lower in the tank so that a lower amount of water pushes the valve closed.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? The only real way to do it is to screen it -- you use a series of trays and screens of varios sizes so that only soil smaller than a given size can pass through. When I did a small patch at my home, (putting in a french drain), I used a bread tray that I had fit with ~1cm hardware mesh to reduce the size of the holes, but that took two of us to shake it, and a fair bit of work. If I was doing a large amount, I'd build something to suspend the frames, so you could load a bucket of soil in, shake it, then dump the screened debris to the side (as the soil will fall straight through). The clay is going to bring other problems -- if you don't load the screens too much, and get the rocks bumping into each other, it will hopefully knock off the clay, and fall through; if you want to be really thorough, you'd wash the dirt through the screen (eg, if you were trying to do a soil analysis, which you're not), but it'd make a real mess, so I wouldn't recommend it. Depending on the size of the rubble, I might go with two screens -- one about 3" / 7.5cm, to catch the really large items and the other between 1 and 2 cm (~0.5") to catch gravel sized bits. ... From the sounds of things (sticky clay) this will not be fast work. I'd try to figure out the technique just digging by hand, and test everything to find out how fast things will go, and then consider getting some friends in to help shake the trays, move the finished stuff around, etc, so if you are renting a machine and/or hiring an operator for it, you don't have to go through the learning process while you're wasting time on the excavator. ... You might have to deal with more than one layer -- if there's an obvious topsoil layer, and a clay layer, you'll want to handle them separately, so you're not putting too much clay on top for planting; for this it might be worth hiring someone experienced who can be more precise in the removal. (I'm not sure how difficult it is to operate the excavator, but if you're spending the first few hours trying to learn how to do things half-decent, it's potentially a lot of lost time if you're trying to get this done over a weekend) Hopefully, an experienced person will also do less harm to the roots of trees -- if nothing else, their experience might tell them how close they can get before you have to switch to hand tools.
Can I lay pavers over a concrete patio? One thing to check before replacing items is the inline filter (if present). When my shower was performing poorly, I unscrewed the head and found a small mesh screen in the line that was clogging up. I cleaned it out and screwed everything back together to find my pressure right back where I expected it. :)
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator I removed the aerator on my kitchen faucet and attached a hose for a time and cleaned the aerator. Now I cannot get the original one to screw back into the place without it leaking (well spraying mostly). Any suggestions on ways or tools to get an aerator firmly back in place?
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator Is there any chance you've cross-threaded it? If you're sure it's not cross-threaded, then I'd check for a missing washer or O-ring. It may have blown out of the aerator when you were backflushing it with the hose.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator A 2x8 joist on a 20' span is extremely undersized. What is the center-to-center spacing of your joists? If I were you I'd seriously consider pulling up the subfloor at least in the center third of your longer spans, and sistering in extra joists as described by ManiacZX.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator To expand on NotDan's answer: Use an angled brush (I generally use a 1.5"). Hold the brush close to the bristles, not by the handle. Dip the brush about 1/2" into the paint, and wipe the paint off one side of the brush. Start your line with the longer bristles (the "point" of the brush) on the line, and the shorter bristles about 1/4" away from the line. The brush should be closer to flat against the wall than perpendicular to the wall. Apply just enough pressure so that the longer trailing bristles are fairly curved as you pull the brush along. Think about whether you want to overshoot or undershoot your edge: for example on a window casing, where you're less likely to see the edge of the trim, it's better to overshoot and get a little wall paint on the trim than to leave trim color on the wall where it can be seen from the middle of the room.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator I'm no expert on this but I'll throw in my two cents. If you were looking to make this into a manicured lawn I'd recommend bringing in topsoil to cover up all the junk. But since you're not, instead of an excavator I'd look into renting a compact tractor with a plow and a rake attachment. Plowing will bring most of the junk to the surface and you can remove the bigger stuff by hand. Then go around with the rake to smooth things out. If you set the rake at an angle and go around in a spiral pattern starting at the perimeter, the bricks and rocks will all collect in the center. Then you can pick them up with the loader bucket on the tractor and move them to some out of the way location like your neighbor's yard.
How to fix a leaking faucet aerator Really, 2x8? That's undersized for a 20-foot span, even if your house is old enough for full-sized lumber. 15 foot would even be iffy in my book for a 2x8 (though I'm not a structural engineer). Like Mike and ManiacZX, I would recommend tearing out the subfloor and laminating the existing joists across the entire span, both for better carrying the load and helping to decrease the give in the flooring. Modern flooring is much less forgiving than, say, old hardwood floors. If you have large spacing of joists and sistering still doesn't get you down to 16" OC or less, add bracing as Joe recommended. Also, use two layers of new subfloor, perpendicular to one another and fastened with both lots of screws and adhesive to one another and the joists. Also, especially if this is an older home, check the level of the home itself--that may be one source of the problems.
How to keep home automation complexity under control? If you installed some form of home automation (lighting control for example), how did you keep the complexity manageable for your family members? In many cases where friends have installed some form of home automation, I see that the person who wanted it and decided on the individual settings is the only one comfortable with it. The others? Not so much. They think there are too many buttons ("We used to have a single button and light everywhere, now there are eight, and I always have to try them all to get the right one"), too many options (pressing once vs. holding, on-off vs dimming - "Why doesn't that light turn on?" "It is, it's just dimmed all the way down"), and they see it as just one of the new toys of their husband or father. The same thing with home theater setups ("Why do I need three remotes to watch TV?" [TV screen, set-top box, audio installation] "We had a simple TV, and I liked it!") Do you recognize this situation? What can be done to prevent it? I understand the difference Don Norman makes between a "complex world" and a "complicated user interface", but are we maybe making the world/our house too complex ourselves? (Of course, since this is a site for DIY'ers, and an offspring of Stack Overflow, most of us will be the enthusiastic husbands and fathers. Bonus points for answers written together with your wives and children!)
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? I've pretty much fixed up my bathroom since moving in. The last bit of annoyance now is this: Not every time, but every 10 or so flushes, my toilet will run continually. It'll sound like it's water is filling up for about two minutes, then stop for five minutes, then sound like it's filling up again... on repeat. To stop it, I have to go back in and jiggle the handle. One time I took the lid off the top of the toilet and it looked like it was slowly losing water from the top (or whatever it's called). Any idea on how to fix this?
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? If you're technically inclined, I saw one post hovering round the tubes about a guy that did some home automation - namely zoning, via 2 wire temperature sensors for the rooms, servo motors to control the registers, and a Linux box to rule them all. Of course I can't find the link now that I look for it...
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? I would first try to replace the flapper, it may be old and worn and not creating a proper seal. If that does not work try replacing the ballcock (float valve), as these too can become old and worn and not function properly.
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? If the water is leaking from the top, then you probably have the shut off level too high (the level set where the float eventually rises and shuts off the flow of water into the toilet tank). Then the water can continue to "leak" out and eventually it might trigger the tank to start filling again (on windy days you might see it happen more as the wind blows and moves the water in the toilet and tank). You should be able to adjust the arm that attaches to the float so that the shut off happens and the level of water is below the top of the "tube" (not sure what that is called).
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? The following information is from Norway, but I would expect that the same dimensions are used elsewhere in Europe. The system used there parallels what we have here in the U.S., but the actual dimensions are different. Colloquially, terms like “two-by-four” are used, but the actual millimeter sizes are used in price lists, etc. The dimensions referred to by the colloquial terms are quite a bit bigger than in the U.S. For instance, a U.S. milled four-by-four is actually 3.5 inches (89 mm). In contrast, a Norwegian milled “four-by-four” is actually 3.86 in (98 mm). Here is a table I compiled with some common dimensions:  Milled structural lumber dimensions Actual size (Europe)     Actual size (U.S.)     Nominal size (U.S.)  30 mm  1.18 in               36 mm  1.42 in               48 mm  1.89 in           38 mm  1.50 in             2 in  61 mm  2.40 in               73 mm  2.87 in           64 mm  2.50 in             3 in  98 mm  3.86 in           89 mm  3.50 in             4 in 123 mm  4.84 in          114 mm  4.50 in             5 in 148 mm  5.83 in          140 mm  5.50 in             6 in 173 mm  6.81 in          159 mm  6.25 in             7 in            198 mm  7.80 in          184 mm  7.25 in             8 in 223 mm  8.78 in                              Unmilled lumber is sold in slightly larger dimensions: 100 mm, 125 mm, 150 mm, and so on. Studs, joists, and rafters are always spaced 60 cm (23.62 in) on center. The dimensions of OBS and other sheets are multiples of 60 cm in both dimensions so they can be placed in either direction, e.g., 60 x 240, 60 x 300, or 120 x 300 cm.
Why does my toilet intermittently run continually? Here are the EPA guidelines for duct cleaning and when it is necessary. http://www.epa.gov/iaq/pubs/airduct.html Keep in mind that the airflow ducts usually aren't as bad as commercials would have you believe, unless the system was run without an air filter. The filter usually sits in your air return, which makes sure any air flowing into your supply ducts is "clean". So, if you see a lot of crap in your supply ducts, you probably have unfiltered air entering the system (hole in a duct maybe). The other way stuff gets into the supply ducts is from people dropping crap into the floor registers. If it's dirt in the registers, you can usually get it out by lifting the register and sticking your vacuum cleaner's hose in there. Just be careful that you don't gouge or hit the sides of the ducts, which can damage them (they can shed fiberglass). You may have stuff in your return ducts (animal dander, etc), but because of the air filter, this usually doesn't affect the overall air quality in the house much. The exception would be if you have something in the ducts that the air filter won't trap (mold spores, smelly things).
What should I use for a sandbox bottom? I'm building a sandbox for my three-year old. It will probably sit on the deck, so it needs some kind of bottom. Ideally, we should be able to move the sandbox around the deck. Is it necessary for water to drain out of the sandbox, or will the sand absorb enough water? What should I use for bottom? Ideas: Landscape fabric: allows water to drain through, but may not be strong enough to move. Regular plywood: allows movement, but may rot and does not drain. Redwood plywood: I don't know anything about, but I saw it at Home Depot, and it may be more resistant to rot. Edit: Combination: plywood with a few drilled holes, covered by landscape fabric.
What should I use for a sandbox bottom? My yard is of similar size, and I had the same problem: rocks, concrete blocks, and trash. With no previous experience, I rented a Toro Dingo with a few different attachments. The attachments I used were: Soil cultivator. I used it to till old grass down into the ground, since I was planning to lay new sod. It tilled grass and weeds far enough into the ground that they did not resurface. Leveler. I used it to, well, level the ground. As a side effect, it brought rocks and trash to the surface so I could pick it up easily. Standard bucket for enlarging a large hole (in order to bury concrete blocks), moving large concrete blocks and rocks, filling the hole, and otherwise moving larger amounts of dirt. It took me about eight hours for a yard of about the same size as yours. That included adding 20 cubic yards of new loam on top. The rental charge was about $400 including delivery and pickup. It was reasonably easy to make the yard flat, but much harder to make it level because I didn't have any level ground to start from. If you need your yard to be level, I would recommend hiring someone.
Can I have multiple heating zones with a combination boiler? I bought my first house in December and one thing I've noticed over the winter is higher than expected gas usage which I'd like to try and get down if at all possible. The house is a three bedroom (two plus box room really) semi-detached UK house built in the 30s if thats relevant. The previous owner had recently installed a new Ideal Icos HE24 combination boiler but with a standard thermostat and timer. I'd like to replace the thermostat and timer with two programmable thermostats for upstairs and downstairs and use valves to control heating flow to the two zones. I've seen drawings on the internet showing this using a standalone boiler with separate pumps wtih each zone but am not sure if zones are achievable using combination boilers or whether I'd be placing stress on the boilers internal pump? My thoughts so far involve one valve for the upstairs flow and one for downstairs flow, from what I've seen I don't need return valves as well? Working with heating systems isnt something I've done before so I guess I may have some things wrong here but would be interested to hear peoples thoughts.
Can I have multiple heating zones with a combination boiler? The sand will definitely not absorb/release enough water if it's ever open to the rain. If your box doesn't drain, you'll have a small pond (as we do if we ever forget to put the lid on). Your landscape fabric idea sounds pretty good. I'd just build that on top of decking slats or something like Trex (which might be perfect for this). Some gaps between the slats will allow drainage. Look into what the decking material is treated with. I'm in the camp that believes that the fears of CCA pressure treated wood are overblown, but even I probably wouldn't use it in a sandbox for a three year old. Keep in mind regarding sliding it around: Sand is heavy, especially when damp (100-130 pounds per cubic foot). We have a pretty small plastic sandbox in our yard and I can't move it without dumping the sand first (but then "small" to me is something that holds three boys :D and I'm sliding across grass). You might want to think about furniture glides if you can find something that will slide reasonably on your deck, or even castors. Those will require that your base be much more rigid of course.
Can I have multiple heating zones with a combination boiler? Just thinking off the top of my head maybe a wooden (cypress) frame, put a metal grid across the bottom (maybe some kind of galvanized grid) and brace it with some pieces of cypress. Then put the landscape fabric over the metal grid and then fill with sand. I almost said go with a straight metal grid but the weight of sand and children would probably be too much so the pieces of cypress would brace across the metal grid. This way you'd get good drainage and the ability to move it around (if you put it on casters). Not sure how resistant redwood plywood is to rot or if they make cypress plywood.
Is basement smell caused by oil boiler? Although dry and not moldy, my 130-year-old basement has a distinct basement smell that bothers my wife. I am trying to determine its source. We have steam heat. In the summer, the boiler is only used for hot water, of couse. Do oil boilers usually smell? The boiler is seven years old. It was inspected by the oil company and given a clean bill of health when we moved in a few months age.
What are the different types of drywall anchors, and what are the advantages of each? I recently put up wire shelving in my pantry, and spent forever figuring out what type of drywall anchor I should use. I even found several types that I didn't even know existed. It might be good to have a reference page for drywall anchors. So, what type of anchors have you used, and for what projects?
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? When installing tubs I've mostly used cementboard. I find it a bear to work with though. A guy I know uses the water resistant greenboard; he claims that for home applications it is entirely adequate. I've asked at the home center about the difference in reliability, etc. and just gotten shrugs. Has anyone encountered tub or shower damage where greenboard was used? Can I switch completely from cementboard to greenboard or are there some applications where I should hesitate?
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Use cement board for the tub area, especially if tiling. for the rest of the bathroom you can use a mold resistant drywall like these. U.S. Gypsum (Sheetrock® Brand Humitek®) National Gypsum (Gold Bond Brand XP) Temple-Inland (Silent-Guard™ TS) Georgia Pacific (DensArmor® Plus U.S. Gypsum (FiberRoc® AquaTough™) After a quick Google search it sounds like greenboard is just drywall with wax on it, and I could not find one source that said it was good for anything. *Take a look at this product Schluter®-KERDI for tile on walls. and Schluter®-DITRA for floors.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? I almost always use the self-drilling stud solver type anchors. I find that they are tough enough to hang just about anything. Aside from those, the only other anchors I've found that I like are the toggle-bolt type, which are more useful if you need to hang something from the ceiling.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Hard to say without smelling it, but it's likely moisture (even if it's dry) or just poor air circulation. First thing I would try would be putting a dehumidifier down there to see if that helps.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Might want to check out this thread. Seems like they have a few different ideas: CLR (which you already tried) Run vinegar through the dishwasher. Use a different detergent (can vouch for cascade complete here - it's awesome) Use a special filter/water softener.
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? As someone with an oil furnace -- when running properly, the smell of an oil furnace shouldn't be significantly noticable. (although some people are more sensitive than others). Possible smells from an oil furnace: If you have a leak in a fuel tank, or some other spill, it will smell like diesel fuel. If your chimney doesn't draft correctly, you could get smoke inside the house, which leaves a greasy smoke everywhere. (like the exhaust from a badly maintained diesel vehicle) If you don't get your furnace cleaned and inspected, you can get a condition where it burns hot. (there was a jet of flame shooting out of the inspection port), which can also get smoke inside the house. If you had water radiators with a circulation pump, if not maintained or it breaks a seal, the wear can cause an oil burning smell Luckily, I haven't had the first one -- that took months for my neighbor's basement to vent because their oil company overflowed their tank. I think there was still a lingering smell for a year, as it had soaked into the concrete. (the soot thing sucked, too, but once I scrubbed down the walls, it wasn't so bad).
What is the practical difference between cement board and greenboard? Greenboard is water resistant, but should not be used in areas that are going to stay damp, such as tub surrounds. Once water gets into it (especially if it's not sealed correctly, and there's not the requisite gap between the tub and the wallboard), it will slowly deteriorate and/or mold -- it's water resistant, not water proof. Yes, cement board is a pain to work with, it's better than having to tear out the whole wall because something was off in the installation of the greenboard. ... All that being said, I believe I've seen some home improvement shows that used greenboard and then waterproof membrane over everything to add an extra layer of water protection when they were doing a shower install (tiling the walls and floor; and there was no tub they were joining up to). ... You might also want to check with your local government -- it's possible that there might be codes that dictate what you're allowed (or required) to use in shower/tub areas.
two condensate drains? we just had a new AC system installed in my florida house. the unit is in the garage, and the air handler is vertical with the evaporator on top. the unit he removed had 2 condensate lines: one that drips outside on to the lawn and a second on that points at the floor but never dripped. the new unit is only connected to the outside drain. should the new unit have 2 drain lines?
two condensate drains? No, probably not. The reason there are two lines is in case one gets clogged up, the second one will be used as a backup. The reason for the backup line is if the unit is in the house, you absolutely don't want a clog in one drain line to cause water to drip out of the unit and get all over your house. Since it is in the garage though, it probably just doesn't matter much if you get water on the garage floor. Which is probably why the installer didn't bother installing a backup line (which it sounds like just drained onto the floor anyways)
two condensate drains? I worked concrete one summer while I was in high school, but I'm no expert and it was a long time ago. That being said, here's what I would try: I'd give both of your solutions a shot first. However, if you end up completely destroying the two chips, I'd try to pour a new corner. Drill two holes into the corner of the foundation and dowel into it with a few inches of 3/8" re-bar. After you've hammered in the steel, form up the corner and pour the concrete. Also, this forum includes discussion about how to repair similar cracks. This website also explains a bit more about this type of foundation crack: Brick that is laid directly in contact with concrete foundations can cause angular cracks like this in the top 12 - 16 inches of a foundation. These cracks are caused by the brick expanding and pushing the outer corner of the foundation with it. The cracks are not major structural problems. It is often pointless to repair them as the next time it gets hot, a crack will likely appear in your repair material.
two condensate drains? Stud finder. In case you need to hang something that requires more support than a drywall has.
two condensate drains? I think it mostly comes down to people's expectations. Everyone expects to be able to flip a switch and the lights come on. Home automation systems use something that looks like a switch, but doesn't act like one. That of course confuses people. If the systems they used looked nothing like switches, people would have different expectations and would treat them differently.
two condensate drains? One thing that would help would be standardization of interfaces. Either through collaboration of the companies in the industry or by one dominating market share and others going copy cat. A common structure and location of menus, meaning of icons, etc. It is great to have competition for reasons of pricing, innovation, etc but a familiar interface is what will make it more usable for the average person that just wants it to work. Look at computers, is Windows the "best" system available? No, but it is the best known, most familiar, and so wins out 9/10 times unless you are dealing with someone with specific needs or a higher interest in computers. A light switch has a few variations sure, but it is still an extremely simple device, and for the most part you know Up is on and Down is off. A good example of disparate interfaces are cell phones. I'm a tech guy, you hand me a phone, I can figure it out, but I'm constantly asked by other people when they get a new phone how to do the operations they used to do on the old phone, add contacts, change ringtones, etc. Apple, Android, Nokia, Samsung, BlackBerry, Windows Mobile, Motorola are all different user experiences. For ringtones, one is under Alerts, another Audio, Sound, Notifications, etc. Menu, Settings, Options, Preferences. It's like when a manufacturer goes to make a new interface, they pull out another companies phone and a Thesaurus and just pick different words. People will deal with cracked screens, poor reception, short battery life, etc just to avoid having to learn a new phone.
two condensate drains? There are plastic anchors. My suggestion, avoid them like the plague. I much prefer the self-drilling that Eric posted, easier to install and much stronger hold in my experience. With these, you have to pre-drill the hole, get it too small and it doesn't fit and you have to drill again, or it gets stuck partially and you have to rip it out or try to mash it in. Get it too big and the anchor doesn't do its job. To get them to hold well, you have to get the perfect size hole.
two condensate drains? I am not an expert on the subject, but when we were buying our house, inspector noted that heating system has three separate pumps for the three zones. He said, that it was "nice", and "more reliable then a single pump". From this I draw a conclusion that it is possible to run multiple zones off of a single pump, but you probably want to avoid doing that.
Wood for boarding a loft? I want to board out my loft - just for easy storage of things like tools, boxes, old clothes, suitcases, small unused furtniture etc (i.e. nothing too heavy). I am wondering what kind of boards to buy for this purpose. Most of the boards I see advertised for doing this are chipboard, but they also vary widely in price. What's the recommended approach considering I want it to last for 10 years or more?
Wood for boarding a loft? This article has a beautiful summary of the different types of anchors.
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows? I live in the North Eastern corner of US, and my house has 50 year old single-pane wooden windows. They held up not too bad, considering, but now I want to replace them all. Things that are important to me are: Decent energy efficiency (this, hopefully, is easy to judge -- the numbers are "printed on the box") Durability (this is a tough one to know up front. All I know is that I hate broken seals) Maintenance free-ness Not astronomically expensive. Coming from the IT world, I usually obsess with specs and numbers, and new shiny things tend to excite me -- after reading various stuff online for a bit, my thinking goes: "vinyl is cheap for a reason, wood is nice looking but requires maintenance, and fiberglass is where it's at!" But is it even the right approach? Should I stop obsessing about technology, and instead focus on finding a great manufacturer (under the assumption that great vinyl window will live longer then an average fiberglass one). I guess my actual questions are: Is window technology important? And if it is, then what's good? What are the good window manufacturers? What else am I missing (let's talk about just picking the right windows, and not even start on installation)
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows? My storage attic is just some plywood sheets over the rafters/insulation. Just nailed them right to the ceiling joists. My attic probably isn't as large as your loft but if you're not looking to make a living space out of it the plywood should probably be fine for you.
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows? Since you are going to place it on a deck, move it around, want to keep water and cats out, I would just buy a plastic one with a lid. In my opinion its not worth the hassle. The wood alone will make it heavy and hard to move around, let alone with sand in it. They are fairly cheap, we bought one a few weeks ago at a garage sale for $5. I know there is pride in doing it yourself, I wanted to build one too, but in the end, it may not be worth it.
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? I bought 12-foot-long 5/4 x 6 in pressure-treated pine deck board from Home Depot. Not until I laid them down did I notice that the boards' width tapers significantly toward the ends of each board. See the picture below. My deck is finished (as of last night—yay!), but just so I know for next time: is this kind of variation in width something I have to expect? Or was I just unlucky with what Home Depot had this week? Or can I avoid this buy shopping elsewhere?
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? As Scott mentioned, plywood will probably be fine. I just used 1/2 inch plywood in mine. I would probably recommend you use "real" plywood though rather than the chipboard stuff. It's a bit more expensive, but also much more durable if you're going to be walking on it. One thing to think about (that I didn't) is that if you are in a cold climate you'll typically want the insulation in the loft to come up several inches over the tops of the floor joists (assuming blown in insulation here). If that's the case, you may not be able to attach the plywood directly to the joists without compressing the insulation (which is not good).
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? The reason copper gas pipes are soldered with silver solder is the melting temperature is much higher. This is done in case your house catches on fire, normal solder would melt and you would have a blow-torch helping burn down your house.
Why are my deck boards of uneven width? I've never noticed that before, but Home Depot sources their lumber from different mills, so they may vary slightly from batch to batch. It may also even out a bit as the wood dries. One thing I did find, at least in my area, is that the 5/4 deck boards from Home Depot are significantly different than the ones at Lowes. The Lowes ones are slightly narrower but a bit thicker and the depot ones are thinner but slightly wider. Was very annoying when I got some boards from one place and more later from another only to find that they weren't really the same dimensions.
How do I sand stamps off of lumber? I just finished building a deck. The boards have stamps 1–2 ft from each end, and I could not bring my self to be as wasteful as to always cut them off. I tried to place the boards with the stamp down when possible, but the mill seemed to have taken special care to place the stamp on the “good” (undamaged) side of most boards. Here is a picture: I probably have 30–50 of these stamps to sand off. How easily do they come off—is it too much to do by hand, using a block and sandpaper, given that I have no ambition of becoming the next Karate Kid? If so, I will have to convince my wife to let me buy another powertool. :) Should I get a belt sander, or will a random-orbit sander or Mouse be sufficient for this job? (The latter two would be more useful for future indoor projects.)
How do I sand stamps off of lumber? If you can get under your deck I'd try and do a test sanding just using sandpaper and some arm strength to see how easy the stamps come off. I'd be willing to bet a small orbital sander would do the trick with some fine grit paper. Orbital sanders are pretty cheap so convincing the wife shouldn't be too much trouble. Maybe hop on craigslist or ebay and see if ya snag one on the cheap.
How do I sand stamps off of lumber? For occassional storage chipboard or any plywood 1/2" or greater will be fine. Go to 5/8 minimum if your joists are on 2' centers. I personally don't agree with the advice to use plywood. Chipboard is fine: it's strong, and it's made using waste materials so it's more ecologically sound to use it where it's appropriate. It's not appropriate for applications that are exposed to the elements in any way: in those cases plywood is more durable so justifies the 2x cost and the extra environmental impact. Chipboard does have a strength axis, which you might as well take advantage of it: you want the joists running across the short side, i.e. 5 joists on every 4x8 sheet if the joists are on 2' centers. Chipboard made for flooring has a tongue-and-groove along the long side. That's because while the short sides are supported by the joists, the long sides bridge the joists. Locking a tongue into a groove prevents sagging between the floor joists. Obviously not a big deal for you storage loft, but if it only costs a few more bucks for the tongue-and-groove I'd get that. I've only seen that in 3/4" and 1", BTW, so if you get that you'll have a proper floor up there that you could hold a neighborhood dance on.
Does decking board orientation really matter? I've been told that decking boards should always be installed "bark side up" so that the boards crown (and shed water) as they age rather than cup (and collect water). But then I've also heard that it should be done the other way around. And I've also heard that it just doesn't matter one way or the other - just put the "nicest" side up. So, which way is best, or doesn't it matter at all?
Crack spanning several tiles I've got several tiles in my dining room that have a diagonal crack running across them. Since it's a pretty straight line across several tiles, I'm guessing it's a foundation issue. The room is at the corner of the house, and the crack runs diagonally so that it "cuts off" the corner. If I replace the tiles, is it likely to crack again? Is there any way I can remedy this?
Crack spanning several tiles In my experience with X10, the number 1 problem is the reliability of signal. Yes, there's the complexity of setup, etc. But most of these don't impact people very much. You set it up once; it's fine for a very long time. But it's the randomness of behavior that causes the real frustration with home automation. Sometimes things just don't work, or they work with a strange delay, or lights magically turn themselves off. The solution to this, IMO, is to transmit data on a data line rather than trying to transmit over power (flakey) or RF (range problems). If power cables included a twisted pair for data, that would make a huge difference in my opinion. It would also get rid of the need for X10 devices to draw small amounts of power even when off, which screws up CF bulbs which hate being fed small amounts of choppy power and flicker terribly on X10 circuits if there isn't an incandescent in the loop. The trick to this is that you'd need a very good way to continue the twisted pairs at junctions that didn't use them. In practice, I think the solution for this would be a new style of electrical gang box. The non-technical members of my household actually love the home automation. I've been able to tie light switches together that were a pain to use, put wireless light switches across the room where they're useful, and let you turn out all the downstairs lights with a single button in the bedroom. When it works, they love it. But they'd love it a lot more if the house were wired for it from the start, and it were just configured well as part of building the house.
Crack spanning several tiles Depends on how old your house is. If it's at least 5-10 years old or so, it's probably finished settling and installing new tiles would likely fix the problem permanently.
Crack spanning several tiles I was curious if you could wash those off and found an article that has four different ways to wash off stamp ink: http://www.ehow.com/how_5185607_remove-ink-stamp-wood.html. Of course this is talking about stamp pad ink but I would try one of these to see if you could get the ink out first before going to sanding it (sanding could be visible if you are not very careful).
Crack spanning several tiles I would say crown side up and shed water. The deck that was on my house when I bought it was cup side up and is in horrible shape. That could be from the fact that the people never took care of it but being in a rather wet/snowy climate didn't help. I'm sure pooled water of any kind can't be good, even on treated wood.
Crack spanning several tiles Instead of trying to fix the crack, first try figuring out what is causing the crack. You can fix a crack many times, but if you are fighting against something like water pressure (or one of the many other causes of cracks in concrete), you will never win. Once you find what is causing the crack, then look to mitigate the problem somehow (proper drainage in the case of water buildup), and then fixing it one final time will take care of the problem.
New Concrete Patio Options We would like to put in a new concrete patio. We are looking at a stamped concrete patio for durability and visual appeal. What other options are there? What are the pros and cons of the different options? In addition, what about staining concrete? What is the durability? Does it need to be reapplied?
New Concrete Patio Options Depending on your location mold build-up (in addition to the dust mentioned by others), can be a big reason to clean the ducts. Areas with high humidity can grow impressive mold collections, particularly on systems that have humidifiers as well.
Where can I find central heating system with radiators? Coming from Europe, I am used to radiator heating systems and thinking about putting one into a fixer-upper house I intend to buy. Where can I find such a system in the North-American market?
Where can I find central heating system with radiators? You should be able to find them in any of the original colonies in colder climates, as they're needed for restoration work in older homes. (so, eastern seaboard, from Maryland to the north) American radiators tend to be heavy steel or iron and gravity fed, with larger pipes that I don't believe are as efficient as those found in areas like Germany. My neighbors are currently going through a remodel of their home (1940s construction, in Maryland) got theirs from an architectural salvage place. The burners (oil in their case, and in my home), you can still get new so are easier to replace. Contact your local plumbing supply store; if they can't tell you where to find radiators, their customers (plumbers & pipe fitters) might be able to. You might also find the 'baseboard heating' where there's a copper pipe with fins attached that run along the whole wall of a room. If you just want the non-drying qualities of radiator heat but can't find radiators in your area, this might be an alternative. (I've never seen fan-assisted models in the US, either, but I'm guessing if they have them, it'd be in the northeast.
Where can I find central heating system with radiators? Typical early style radiator heat is nothing like modern European style radiators. You should find out what originally came with the house to make the best fit. There is steam heat, water heat. The boiler may be powered by oil, natural gas, or (if it's really old) coal. As Joe mentioned, the radiators can be gravity powered or propelled with a circulation pump. The gravity fed systems use large cast iron pipes down to the boiler and is less efficient. A circulation pump feed system uses smaller pipes and is more efficient, but you probably wouldn't want to retrofit a pump on a gravity fed system without changing out the pipes. I've seen a This Old House episode where Tom placed a European style thermostat on a standard water filled radiator. So, this may be an option for you.
How to replace a bath tub Our 30-year-old home as a 30-year-old yellow cast-iron tub that's gross. What's the best way to go about swapping it out for a modern plastic or acryllic one? It's currently set into the wall by about 1cm on two sites (the front where the taps and drains are and on the long side) and it has brickwork has been built up on the 3rd side to match the height and make a small shelf, which has then been tiled. The new baths we're looking at are almost the exact same length and depth, but they're slightly shallower (height).
How to replace a bath tub Honestly, It can be a giant pain in the butt. You start with covering it with a thick blanket or two and smashing it with a sledgehammer to bust it up into pieces (yeah, that's really how it's done). The blanket is to prevent getting yourself cut up by flying pieces of cast iron and porcelain. You might also have to bust out the tile/brickwork as well, depending on how things fit together. To get the new tub in, you might just be able to get it in the door, but many bathroom doors in older houses are of the 24" variety and you can't fit a tub through them - especially if it's a one piece shower/tub system. If that's the case you will probably need to take the door out, cut out a stud on one side and bust up the wall a bit to get the new unit in. Then of course rebuild it all once you got the new tub in. I would strongly consider re-glazing your existing tub. It can really make a crappy old tub look like brand new.
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? I'm looking to hang a mirror on the wall on my bathroom. It weighs about 20 or so lbs. There are no built in hooks on the back of the mirror? What should I use to hang this thing?
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? Liquid Nails Mirror Adhesive, but it does say you need to use a mechanical support as well, such as a shelf angle or "J" channel. Another option is Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive which will hold about anything. In our new house, we installed large, frameless mirrors in each bathroom using this and it worked great. UPDATE As Alex pointed out in the comments, the site for Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive does not recommend using it for mirrors. They do have two other products that are specifically for mirrors, Mirror Adhesive (LN-930) and Mirror Adhesive (LOW-VOC) (LN-730)
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? It didn't come with anything? The one 'frameless' mirror that I have is in the dining room, and it's probably 30 lbs, but it has a wooden frame behind it and a set of small metal clips that go over the edge onto the front of the mirror and then screw into the wooden frame. It really doesn't change the look, but it supports the whole thing very nicely. I'd try to do something similar with another frameless mirror.
What can I use to hang a frameless mirror? It sounds like you're using keypads to control sets of lights. Two important things: Label the buttons well and Keep it simple and consistent. For example, if you're using scenes, have the buttons say the name of a scene that makes sense, depending on the location. If there's a keypad in the hallway outside the kitchen in the living room, make sure it's clear which scenes control the kitchen, and which control the living room. Also, if you're using scenes, avoid mixing button types; eg, having "dim" and "bright" buttons in addition to scenes is confusing. I'd also echo @Rob Napier's point that reliability is a huge factor. If you press a button and it "sometimes" works, it will just lead to frustration (in effect: don't use X10). Also along the lines of being consistent, pick one or two different types of switches, and stick to those. If you have a mix of toggle switches, rocker dimmers, 6-button and 8-button keypads, it's just going to be confusing. Standardize on a manufacturer and style, and stick to it. The other obvious thing is really talk to your users. Make sure you know what they typically do, and adjust the system appropriately. Maybe they always go into a room and want a certain light on at a certain level, but you never do .. make sure you talk to that person so you know to set it up so it works they way they expect.
What is the proper way to install/paint baseboard? I've installed some new baseboards, though I'm not really sure I have the right method down. Here's what I do: Paint baseboard Paint walls Cut and install baseboard (using brad nailer and/or liquid nails) Sand outside corners so they're not as pointy Go over nail holes and straight joins with putty, and seal corners with caulk Sand putty with high grit (just to smooth it out) Touch-up paint on all the putty/caulk The downside of this method is that there is a (in some places) small but noticeable gap between the top of the baseboard and the wall. Pretty much anywhere if you wanted to, you could push a piece of paper behind the baseboard. Most new construction I've seen doesn't have this gap, and generally if the walls/trim is re-painted at some point, that also seals up the gap. Is there a step I'm skipping where people caulk the top edge all the way around? Or am I doing this completely wrong?
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? "Standard" bathroom vanities are 30", where as kitchen counter tops are typically 36". For me (6' tall), the 30" vanity is rather low. Is there any reason to leave vanities that height, or can they be installed higher? Is there any practical downside to having a higher vanity (eg, kids)?
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? At Home Depot (or Lowes) you should be able to find these Spring Loaded Mirror Mounting Clips made specially for hanging a mirror. They are no where near as big as a j channel and the top two have a small spring inside of them so they kind of grasp the mirror (and snugly fit on the glass). You put the two without the springs in the bottom and the mirror just sits in them. Two more (with the springs) added to the top prevent the mirror from falling forward. Of course it would be best if you can get them into a beam in your wall. And you will barely notice the clips on the mirror once it is in place.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? I recently re-trimmed my closet door and there was a slight gap at the top thanks to shifting or settling. I nailed up the trim and then used Elmer's white wood putty to fill in the gap. It comes in a variety of colors and paints over really well. Easy to spread out as well, I just used my finger to smooth over the gap and after a little paint you can't even tell it's there. I wouldn't consider it a "step" in installing baseboard, you probably just have a slight defect or warp in either the baseboard or wall. Just one of life's little things.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? The baseboard in my house is white so when I have had to replace/remove some I find the original builder had put caulk along the top. So when I put it back, I too add a line of caulk along the top edge to fill in any gaps and I also think it really gives it that finished look. Of course this would not work as well if your baseboard is not white (and probably I would not recommend doing it then).
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? You could make them as tall as you like, but you may run into problems when it comes time to sell. Also as you mentioned kids may have trouble using them, and would need taller step stools.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? If the gap is not too large I would just leave it. If the gap is noticeable and bothers you I would remove the baseboard and trim/sand out anything behind it that is holding it away from the wall, keep in mind you may still have slight gaps in places where the wall or baseboard are not perfectly straight. You could also install the baseboard at a very slight angle (using shims) so that the top touches the wall leaving no gap, but the bottom is out a very small amount. make sure the angle is very slight otherwise it will be noticeable, but for the most part nobody will notice a slight angle on the baseboard. The only place I would use caulk on top of a baseboard is in the bathroom/kitchen, just to make sure water stays out from behind the baseboard.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? If you are doing a double sink, I've seen in some homes where one portion of the vanity counter is raised. That way you have the normal height for the not so tall and a raised height for us normal people :). Being 6' also, I saw that and thought "I will have that in my house", having the counter half way between your knees and waist gets very annoying...
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? You would usually caulk the gap between the baseboard and the wall. This is why I usually don't bother painting the trim before putting it up (unless I'm staining it). Usually I would prime the wall first, then put up the trim, putty/caulk, paint the trim, then finally paint the walls.
Can a bathroom vanity be installed higher than 30 inches? Removing the sheetrock will lower the finished stool height a bit which will help maintain a more even reveal on the window, and make it look less like the stool was added on. Cut around the edges first with a utility knife to minimize damage to the surrounding jambs & wall below and then just pry it up. If you really want to keep the same reveal as the old sheetrock, you could build up your new stool out of 1/2" thick stock (assuming the sheetrock was 1/2"). Make one piece that is the size and shape of the entire stool, then thicken it where it projects out from the wall by laminating another 1/2" thick piece underneath.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? My house is on a slab (no basement, no crawl space) and every summer when it gets hot and humid i am getting a ground/soil smell in our living room. First i was blaming it on the absence of the basement but now realized that i only get this smell in one room. The only difference about that room is that it has a lawn along one wall and a flower bed along another. Can that be a reason? Maybe i should pave a foot of space along that wall. What else can cause it?
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? While I was house shopping at the beginning of the year, I saw several houses that had his and hers vanities, with the 'his' (also known as 'shaving height') vanity several inches higher than the 'hers' vanity. The height for a shaving vanity ranges from 34-36", while the 'hers' vanity is the standard 30." This forum also discusses the topic.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? I've seen lots of houses that use standard kitchen cabinets as a master bath vanity -- around here at least it's considered an upgrade. A 36" height is not uncomfortably tall for anyone but small children (which is why they're only used in the master bath). My wife is 5'2" and loved the 36" double vanity in our old house.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? A Block Plane Fits in a toolbelt or toolbox. Comes out every time something almost fits. Saves eight million trips back to the table saw. Handles simple rounding and shaping.
What could cause a ground/soil smell on the first floor? I just installed baseboard through my entire house. I caulked the top of the baseboard, as you are thinking. I used a paintable silicone caulk, like DAP Dynaflex. Once it dried, I went back with a detail brush and painted the caulk the color of the baseboard. It's a few extra hours of work, but it looks great. Our painter did a couple rooms, and this is how he did it as well. Other than that, I think you have the process down. The reason you paint first is so that you can roll on the paint in long sections. Trust me, painting the baseboard after installation is crazy. Also, painting after cutting the baseboard takes a lot longer than painting the entire strip of baseboard prior to cutting.
I need to clean and reseal my dock, most sealers don't mention if they are safe to use over water I have a wood dock over a lake. It is time to clean and seal the dock. I am planning on pressure washing the dock first, then I am planning to have a clear seal. Looking at products in Lowe's and Depot I can't determine what is safe to use. I don't want it to look like a BP spill or kill any life forms.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? Our water heater (gas) is located in the garage. It is 25 to 30 feet away from the closest faucet, which I'm guessing is the main reason it takes so long -- a minute or longer -- to get hot water flowing into my house. What can I do to reduce the time it takes to get hot water flowing?
How can I speed up my slow hot water? Insulate the hot water pipes from the hot water heater to the faucet. Hopefully you have access to them in your crawl space.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? You can go for a small water heater right near the faucet. I have done this with small 8 litre water heaters in the kitchen and guest toilets rather than linking them to the main water heater.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? One option is a recirculating water pump, which can pump hot water into the pipes based on various triggers (on demand, based on a timer, based on water temp, etc depending on model). I used one at my previous house, and it worked pretty well. There's more info here: http://www.askthebuilder.com/413_Hot_Water_Recirculating_Pumps.shtml
How can I speed up my slow hot water? Install a hot water recirculating pump. Older pumps required that the house be plumbed with a return loop to support circulation, but newer designs can be retrofitted if a house wasn't plumbed that way. More info: http://www.askthebuilder.com/413_Hot_Water_Recirculating_Pumps.shtml $ saving tip: put the pump on a timer and have it come on only when you typically use hot water at that location. Or use an X-10 switched outlet (or something similar) to allow remote manual switching combined with timed events.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? They do make stain specifically for marine use. Doesn't say specifically that it's environmentally friendly, but the MSDS sheet does say it's water soluble. The same manufacturer has environmentally friendly stains as well, but I have no idea how well they might work (or exactly what "environmentally friendly" means to them).
How can I speed up my slow hot water? The best way to speed up hot water to the tap is through the use of a booster heater, also known as a "point of use" hot water heater. This is a small (~4 gallon) hot water heater installed very near the sink. If you need a lot of hot water and you want it to start fast you can install the hot water line as the supply for the point of use heater. That way you will have 4 gallons for immediate use and if you use that up you will be drawing hot water from your main hot water heater. If you don't need more than 4 gallons of hot water at the sink you can just use cold water as the supply. Here's an example of a point of use water heater for sale at Amazon.com.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? There really isn't a perfect solution to slow-flowing water, other than carefully planning your home so that the water heater is as close to the faucets as possible. As stated by Josh, one solution is water recirculation. But depending on usage scenarios, water recirculation can waste a lot of energy. "Sense" technology that enables recirculation when needed can improve efficiency. And installing a system that uses the "cold" water circuit as a return line can make installation relatively easy. If all else has failed, you can try quickly opening and closing the hot water - forcing the system to kick in. Wait a minute or so, and when you open again, you'll have hot water (and you will have saved a minute of running water). Another solution is the instant water heater, like this one produced by Clage. It works by heating right next to the faucets. On-demand water heaters are quite efficient for usual "short burst" operation.
How can I speed up my slow hot water? As long as the boiler is capable of providing enough hot water through the system to heat the whole house if necessary you shouldn't have a problem. What you are proposing is a "coarser" version of thermostatic valves on each radiator and that is perfectly safe for a combination boiler. I don't think you need return valves. Make sure that you leave one radiator "open" (usually the bathroom one) so that there is some flow around the circuit. By the way the fact that it's a combination boiler is a red herring. The "combi" bit refers to the hot water heater, the central heating aspect is pretty much the same as a "standard" boiler with integral pump. Update If you want to control the times each room is heated independently you can get combined timer and thermostatic radiator valves - My Greener Home has some for example.
Humidity Levels What is a healthy and safe humidity level that I should try to keep my house at?
Should I apply car wax to the outside of my air conditioning unit? Through different conversations with family members and friends, I have been told that it is good to apply a coat of car wax to the outside of the air conditioning unit frame. I assume that this is to maintain a protective seal and prevent corrosion. Has anyone done this before? I just bought a new Trane XR15 unit in April and I want to keep it in tip-top shape for as long as possible.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? I'm trying to install some shelves in my apartment (brick/concrete) but when I drill holes the walls almost seem like they're made of sand. I'm not able to securely fix the screws (I'm using wall plugs) and the shelves appear like they're going to fall down at any minute. Is there anything I can do about it? I was wondering if I could use some material inside the holes after I drill them (and before putting the wall plugs) so I can make the screws stay firm in their place. Any tips?
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? It's probably worth it if you are running new pipes or the existing pipes are easily accessible, but if you have to lift boards etc. to gain access probably not.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? You can use different fittings, such as frame fixings (the kind of thing you'd use to hold a exterior door frame or window in it's hole). Also, you could fix up a batten with lots and lots of long rawlplugs and fat screws (two rawlplugs per hole, one deeper so the whole screw is biting into rawlplug), then screw your shelves to that nice study wood batten.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? If you have a drainage issue, or you're likely to have freezing conditions, I'd personally want to lay a small coating of gravel across the concrete first - allow that pent-up water to get out of the way. If you're building this in, say, Phoenix, though, that may not really matter and laying them directly atop the concrete shouldn't be a problem. To the 'cement' part of your question: why not go with dry-laid? As long as there is some form of rim to the patio, or you're not driving over them, dry-laying would make both maintenance and modification easier.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? Are you sure you are not drilling between the mortar? That is the weakest point to drill. There are a couple different things you can do. I assume you are using concrete anchors so you can apply a generous coating of Loctite Metal and Concrete Epoxy onto the anchor before you insert it into the hole. The other option is to take furring strips (pressure treated 1x4's) and attach them to the wall with blue concrete anchor screws, at least 2 and 1/2 inches long. These should make a good thread and the furring strips will add to the support structure. Space your anchors 2-4 inches apart vertically and on-center.
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? In the winter it is 30 to 40 percent in cold climates. During the summer, indoor humidity levels should be kept below about 65 percent to minimize the potential for mold growth and below about 50 percent to minimize dust mites. See this article for some more great information on humidity levels: Keep Your Home Healthy
How do I hang shelves on poor quality brick/concrete walls? A better solution might be to build a framework to support the shelves rather than trying to "bodge" (as we say in the UK) the holes. What you need to do is spread the load from the shelves over a larger area. Without knowing the layout of your walls it's difficult to suggest anything definite but if you had an alcove you could fix vertical battens up the sides and then hang the shelves between those. Another alternative is to use a glue such as "No Nails", however, you need to check that it's suitable for your walls and can handle the load.
What should I keep in mind when altering the drainage around my basement? My back yard has some wet spots near the corner of my house. Because of property lines, fences, and window wells for my basement, it's hard to dramatically change the surface drainage of the area. I'm considering putting in a plastic drain box and perforated pipe that will tie into the storm sewer system. What things should I be careful of when doing this? Should I consider just doing a French drain which does not tie into the storm sewer? Should I dig a trench, line with small rock, then lay in the corrugated, perforated pipe? I'd really hate to do all the work of burying the pipe only to discover I didn't do it right.
What should I keep in mind when altering the drainage around my basement? The lower end stuff is crap, and will drive you mad over time. This includes X-10, Insteon, and UPB. These products will fail. It's just a question of how long before they do. Z-Wave is a technology, not a product line. If you want something complete and reliable, go for Lutron RadioRA. Version 2 of this industry-standard system was released recently, and prices have become more reasonable. This is a whole-house solution. They also offer single-room and smaller-scene packages, and the mother-load solution called HomeWorks, which pretty much rules out retrofitting. http://www.lutron.com Note that you'll want a pro to install and configure these switches, unless you're really geeky and comfortable with handling electricity. And single. Edit: Here is a link to a discussion about this very thing on a pro site. Read the comments: http://www.cepro.com/article/hardwired_vs_wireless_lighting_control/
What should I keep in mind when altering the drainage around my basement? Planning Permission determines whether you are allowed to make the change. The DirectGov site has information about when you need to apply. You need planning permission before you start building - ideally before you hire a builder. You will need architects plans to obtain permission. It is possible to get planning permission retrospectively, but don't rely on this. If you fail you will have to demolish your extension/building and restore the site. Building Regulations determine whether what you have built is legal (safety, insulation etc.). There's some information on the Government's Communities site An inspector will visit your site at regular intervals or by appointment during the build to check that each stage meets the regulations. Work shouldn't start on the next stage until this has happened as you might have to redo aspects which would be a waste of time and money. Some types/size of building/extension don't need planning permission, but will need to pass inspection. The exemptions will depend on where you are. This is probably one of those cases where quoting from the linked pages is a bad idea as these can and do change quite frequently and there may be local regulations which supersede the national ones (Conservation areas for example).
Does a software-controlled central heating programmer and thermostat exist? I have a central heating programmer in the airing cupboard (where the hot water tank is). It allows a couple of separate schedules for water and heating separately, and also for manual override when needed. The thermostat is in the hallway by the front door. I'd like to replace this kit with a basic bare-bones system that would allow an application on my Windows PC to control it. I'm a software developer, so it's a hobby project and I don't necessarily need a totally complete solution from a single vendor. I'm thinking of something which is little more than relays on a TCP/IP-enabled PCB. Anyone have any recommendations?
Electric Fireplace worth it The wife is bent on getting an Electric heater for the living room. We opted not to purchase the gas fireplace when we built our home (through Ryan). She claims these things can cost up to $1000. She has a guy on craigslist thats trying to get rid of his for < $200. Says he bought it preparing to install it and they moved to a new home w/ a fireplace before he could. Will this improve the value of my home?
Electric Fireplace worth it I just answered a similar question about lighting automation options here. If you're going to be in a home for a while, invest in something that won't drive you crazy. RadioRA is controllable by just about every third party home automation system.
Electric Fireplace worth it If you are not in a freezing condition, then the only other problem I see is that the pavers will shift on top of the concrete pad. Gravel would make that worse. You are going to have to brace the pavers to keep them from shifting.
Electric Fireplace worth it This is very likely a drainage issue. I would check the following things: Does water drain away from the house near this room? Are plants growing right up next to the foundation? You might want to put a buffer of 10" of rock (4-6" deep) next to the house. Since the house has vinyl siding you need to peek under the siding and see if you have moisture collecting under the siding. Spray the side of the house gently with water or go out after a rain and pull back some of your siding and check for water seepage. The smell could be the result of smells outside but it could be moisture in the walls. The cinder blocks can also be an issue. Concrete holds a surprising amount of moisture. In addition to the things mentioned above, you likely would benefit from a dehumidifier in this room. Check the humidity with a cheap humidity tester and if the room is over 65% humidity you should consider dehumidifying.
Electric Fireplace worth it A Picquic. [I would have left this as a comment on the screwdriver-set answer, but I don't have sufficient rep.] If you're in Canada, the one tool I'd recommend above any other is the standard Picquic combination screwdriver. Canadian Tire's page is probably the best example -- judging by the reviews, I'm not the only one who loves it. :) I've used mine for years, on almost every job I've done around the house. In a pinch, the bits also fit well into a cordless drill. There are probably good equivalents in other countries, though I've not run across any myself.
Electric Fireplace worth it Liquid aerification doesn't really sound like a good idea to me, but I quite honestly know nothing about it. What I'd do: Rent an aerator, spread compost and/or some good fertilizer, and water the yard. Repeat at least once a year. If you don't have any grass growing currently, bring in some compost and mix it in with the existing soil with a tiller (or something bigger).
Electric Fireplace worth it If properly installed, I can't see why it wouldn't increase the value of your home by more than the $200 you paid for it. You also need to think beyond just resale and consider the value you (or your wife) gets by having it as well.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? My bathroom above my tub is getting some black spots on it that seems to be growing. I assume it's mold. I am wondering how should I deal with this? What should I expect it to cost?
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? I've never heard of this before. Does it mention anything about doing that in the maintenance guide for your unit? If not, then I probably wouldn't bother.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? I've only done the french drain thing; I have no idea what would be required with tying into a storm sewer; you'd likely want to contact the local government and/or water company to ask. Anytime you're digging, you'll want to be aware of where underground utilities are. In the DC area, you call 'Miss Utility', and they'll mark out everything. (I think technically, you're not required if you're digging by hand, but it's still a good idea). You might also want to take a look at what large trees are nearby, as you might have to deal with roots -- you can cut them as you go, but that might end up killing the tree or weakening it so it sheds branches, and large branches falling on your house or car is not a good thing. (especially when you have no power, so get trapped in your (damaged) home). You'll want to look at what's down-slope of the area you're dealing with, and how much area you have to absorb the water once you move it down there, if you're going the french drain route. If it's an area that already gets pretty marshy after a rain, it's not going to absorb anything, so you'll need to go far enough out 'til you find somewhere that'll take the water. You also don't want to try to force it out near the property line, or you might piss off your neighbors (and if they're lawyers, or just happen to like suing, it could get messy). ... And after all of that, you might want to look into if the area's abnormally wet -- one of my friends had problems for years, and dug up his yard multiple times, trying to get everything fixed, redid his basement at least twice because of water damage. And it turned out that there was a broken water pipe next to his house that was saturating the lawn, so any significant rain couldn't be absorbed.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? "Will this improve the value of my home?": probably not from a purely resale value. Whereas updating your kitchen almost always has a great return on your investment, I am not so sure an electric fireplace in your living room would give you the same return. Some future buyers would see it as a benefit and others would not like it (kind of like the return you get on installing a swimming pool - it helps as much as it hurts). And also it depends on what it would do to the overall interior design/look and feel of the space in general. But keep in mind this is something your wife really wants to do so maybe it goes beyond the return on investment and then there are non-monetary benefits associated with its purchase and installation.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? You can start off with taking a 50/50 solution of bleach and water, then spraying the mold with it. Wait a few days. To prevent it in the future, when showering you should be using the bathroom fan to allow the hot air to be exhausted outside rather than condense on the walls and ceiling (which are made of drywall of course). They also make mold-inhibiting paint and mold-inhibiting drywall. Depending on your bathroom and funds, this may be a long term option. But bleach/water mixture will be your first step.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? Wash it off with some bleach and warm water. And then make sure you ventilate your bathroom well after taking a shower (or whenever the humidity levels in the bathroom increase).
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? Most home renovations usually don't get a full return on investment. Kitchens and bathrooms usually return the most value at resale. This article gives a good breakdown of common renos. As Eric says, what's it worth to your family? That's usually the driving force behind a renovation, and ROI is a pleasant side effect. (Unless you're trying to flip a house.)
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? First find out whether it is mold or not. What you do next depends on this. Assuming it is mold you need to do two things. Clean it off - disinfectant/bleach solution should do the job. Find out why it's forming. This is the important bit as if you just do the first step it will come back. The usual cause is condensation which in a bathroom means you have insufficient ventilation. So the ultimate cure is to fit an extractor fan above the bath to remove the steam. You can get ones that wire up to the light circuit and then "run on" after the light is switched off to provide additional ventilation. Once you've done this redecorate.
What are the black spots on my bathroom ceiling? Are they mold? Yup, probably mold. First you'll want to clean it up. A weak solution of water and bleach should do the trick. To make sure it stays gone, you'll want to make sure your bathroom is properly ventilated. If you don't have a vent fan, you'll want to install one. If you already have one, you'll want to make sure you use it. Hooking it up so it automatically turns on with the light is a good way of doing that. They also have a mold-preventative that you can add to paint (pretty sure home depot carries it). I would strongly recommend using that and repainting the ceiling. I've used it myself several times and it works very well.
Will running a dehumidifier near new concrete cause it to cure poorly? I have a new house with high humidity in the basement. Will running a dehumidifier constantly cause the new concrete to cure poorly?
Will running a dehumidifier near new concrete cause it to cure poorly? How new is this house? The concrete should cure within a few days. In fact, you probably wouldn't live in the house if the foundation wasn't cured properly.
Will running a dehumidifier near new concrete cause it to cure poorly? I seems to me that waxing the outside of the AC unit is only going to protect cosmetic appeal. If you're interested in keeping the unit looking nice from the outside, then it could help. Otherwise, I wouldn't put in the effort.
How wide should I make my game-room if I want to fit a "full-size" pool table in it? I'm starting to look at finishing my basement, and am playing with a couple different layouts. I definitely want to put a pool table down there - and later sell the house with this being one of the big selling points. Length shouldn't be an issue, but how wide does my room need to be to properly fit a full-size pool table and comfortably play on it?
How wide should I make my game-room if I want to fit a "full-size" pool table in it? I've got one in my bedroom, and I still don't regret buying it. It is kind of nice in the winter and the modern ones simulate the look of a real fire pretty well. Ultimately, it is just a fancy space-heater though. I really doubt it will affect your property values one way or the other unless you do some kind of permanent installation. Mine just sits along a wall and is plugged in. No major install needed (although there was some assembly required). In most cases, I've heard that there are almost no renovations you can do that yield a positive ROI especially if you don't plan to sell the home fairly quickly after the renovation. The exception to this rule is where you are fixing something. For example, cracks in the fascia or carpet from the stone age.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? My existing water heater is electric and is likely to need replacing soon. The heater is in a converted garage that I use as a guest room. As the house is piped for gas, I'm considering the purchase of a gas water heater to replace the electric one. Is there any hazard with a modern gas water heater being used near where people are sleeping? (I'm more concerned here with fumes than the possibility of explosion.)
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Nope, I wouldn't worry about it. The concrete should be more or less at full strength within 30 days of being laid, but it'll continue to cure over about a year or so.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? You need enough room to be able to properly line up and execute any shot. I would say you need at least 5 to 6ft "elbow room" around the table. A regulation sized pool table is 4.5'x9'. Source So your room needs to be 14.5' x 19' to 16.5' x 21' (which sounds very large).
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? At a minimum, you'll want 5 feet in every direction around the table to have enough room to use a full size stick. They do of course make short sticks for tight areas though. Not ideal, but it's an option if you don't have 15' or so to work with.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Here is another good source for sizing a room for various sized pool tables. This table (borrowed from that site) is a good rule of thumb when using full sized cue sticks.  Table Size        Minimum Room Size  Playing surface   3.5' x 7'         16' 8" x 13' 6"    39.5" x 79"   4' x 8'           17' 4" x 13' 11"   44" x 88"   4.25' x 8.5'      17' 9" x 14' 1"    46" x 92"   4.5' x 9'         18' 4" x 14' 6"    50" x 100"
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? In my opinion one of the critical flaws of most home automation systems is that they break the user interface which we've all grown up with. The person who puts the system in has, implicitly, chosen to break the UI but others have not made this choice: thus the stress. The best way to avoid this is to not break the user interface. Take lights, for example. The most common UI for lights is a switch on the wall. We're comfortable with that being abstracted to two+ switches in halls and rooms with multiple doors. For automation to be used yet the UI not be broken the automation must use a switch + electronic control. An example of this is a wall switch like this X10 one. The "wall wart" automation controls which fit between a lamp or appliance and the wall socket almost always break the expectations of users. These guys should be avoided: An exception is any use where there is not a natural switch, such as Christmas lights, a pump, humidifier, etc. For home theater I've had pretty good luck with universal remotes, but, in my experience, it takes a fairly expensive ($150+) to get a UI that is simple enough yet full featured enough. The Logitech Harmony remotes do a pretty good job at this: The bottom line seems to be "make user interface a priority and a key feature" when doing anything DIY, and especially home automation. And something that is a priority is something worth spending time and money on to get it right.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Pretty sure codes prevent using a gas appliance in a location where it will get it's combustion air from a bedroom. The reason for this is that if the heater is burning up all the oxygen in the room and it can't be replaced quickly enough through natural air flow through the house, you'd end up being asphyxiated in your sleep. I think there's an exception though if you use a direct-vent model that gets it's combustion air from the outside. So you would need to make sure whatever hot water heater you buy is rated for that kind of installation.
Is a gas water heater safe in a bedroom? Just putting thermostatic valves on each radiator is the standard solution these days. However having zones will you set each zone to come on at a different time as well as giving them their own thermostat. You can do anything with a combination boiler that you can do with a system boiler of the same rating. You may not even need to add a 2nd pump if you design the system carefully. Remember last winter was very cold by UK standards, so it is not a good indication of ongoing gas usage.
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? We had toxic mold during the wintertime, which has been removed, by replacing the affected Sheetrock. However, my wife has often still the same symptoms she had at the time. Getting a contractor with the proper equipment out is very expensive. Are there any other cheap "household" tricks to be able to make at least a non-scientific test?
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? Duct board systems should not be cleaned. They will rip and send more junk into your air. However a metal duct system can be cleaned. If you use a good filter you should never need to.
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? Not only it will not cause damage, but also it helps the concrete to be more solid in less time: I used the same technique adjusting a very wet basement. The results were stunning (also the amount of water drained that I had to drop was so!).
Is there a cheap way to test for mold spores? Amazon carries home mold tests. I have no idea if these are any good, but they are pretty inexpensive:
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? Does the period of change of this air filter have an affect on the longevity of the heating and a/c system? What is a good rule of thumb to require replacement?
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? This will decrease your capacity and efficiency As stated http://www.ccacac.com/maintenance-tips/tips/maintenance-homeowners-can-do/ it talks about just weeds, and dirt much less a thick coat of wax. Keep your outside unit clean and free of debris and plants. Grass clippings and vines can clog the outside coil and restrict the airflow. This will decrease your capacity and efficiency. Make sure that bushes and shrubs do not grow too close to the unit and restrict the airflow. The air must be able to escape freely from the discharge of the unit. Any restriction in this area can cause the hot air to be recirculated back through the unit. This will make the unit work much harder and reduce the efficiency and capacity. Rinse the coil on the outside unit. This will clean the loose dirt, salt, and sand from the coil. Do not wash it with pressure, simply rinse it from the top down to let the dirt freely flow out. Washing it with pressure may pack the dirt into the center of the coil. Pressure should only be used from the inside out to push the dirt out the way it came in. Rinsing the coil should be done about once a month during the cooling season.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? The amount of oxygen consumed by a hot water heater is negligible. The risk of the gas heater sucking all the oxygen out of the room is zero. Now that does not mean that it's code to have it in a bedroom, but there is no safety issue from consumption of oxygen. The safety issue is on venting of the carbon monoxide (CO) from the hot water heater. In order to make the install safe, ensure that the new gas water heater is properly vented through the ceiling. There are lots of resources online about properly venting gas appliances. Here's a reasonable one to start with. Obviously since a gas hot water heater requires adding a vent, it's more expensive to install. You may find that an electric water heater still makes financial sense once you consider installation costs. As noted in the comments, be sure and get a CO detector for the room. These are relatively inexpensive and you can get them at your local hardware store or order through Amazon.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? It depends on the filter. Go to Lowes or Home Depot and they will have a chart with the different filter qualities and the recommended length of time they can be in service. In general, the cheapest filters that cost only a couple of bucks have to be replaced once a month. As you go up to more expensive filters, you can replace them every 3 or 6 months. I currently buy the ones that need to be replaced every 3 months.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? Dirty filters not only make the HVAC equipment not last as long, but the low air flow makes them less energy efficient. A dirty furnace does not conduct heat into the air as well and the dirt sticks to the fan blades making it not last as long or spin as easily. There are two main types of air filters: The 1" thick ones that look like this: And the 6" thick filters look like this: Generally the 1" filters are good for a month or two. The 6" thick ones are good for 6 months. There are also 2", 4", and 5" filters available but generally not at the local hardware store. Some folks who have 6" filters use a 2" + 4" filter and replace the 2" one every other month and the 4" once a year. This seems like a hassle to me, but it might save you $50 a year if you have 6" filters.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? The rule of thumb is every 3 months but it does depend on the filter and your air quality. And yes, if you don't keep the filter clean it will shorten the life of your unit and could cause other problems like a frozen coil (where the air handler coil freezes because there isn't enough airflow). I like to use the cheap air filters as they allow the best airflow. Some units are made for the better filters but those can cause more problems than the solve.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? I've got two ideas. The first is to use a chemical wall plug, but the second has a requirement. If you can drill through that wall, I suggest to put on the other side of the wall a metal plate (width, height and thickness are up to you that know how many Kilograms the shelf it supposed to get on itself), then make three holes in the shape of a triangle (with the single vertice facing the floor and the other two facing the roof) and use one screw thread for each hole.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? Never leave wire ends unprotected, even for a moment. It's too easy to get distracted and forget to replace a wire cap or crimp a connector. And once the junction box (or wall!) is closed up, it's too late, and some day later you cause an electrical fire.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? 1) The issues around curing concrete too quickly are where the concrete is thin and in direct sunlight (i.e. a sidewalk in the sun). The concrete in your basement has cured enough to be structurally sound. The rule of thumb I have heard is that concrete cures 85% in the first 7 days. 10% over the next 3 weeks and the remaining 5% over the next 20 years. 2) Even if the concrete had just been poured, you would not be able to make it dry too quickly with a home dehumidifier. Home humidifiers can only draw 30-100 pints (3.75 - 12.5) gallons a day and that would require you had it plumbed into a drain so you never had to stop it to empty it. Plus the moisture from the concrete just can't transfer to the air that quickly. If you have moisture in your basement that is resulting in high humidity the risk of mold should be your concern. Run a dehumidifier and measure moisture in each basement room. Move the dehumidifier around as needed.
How often should the air filter in the furnace be changed? I know you've checked the door but here is how you know if the door is okay . . . disconnect the garage door opener and open the garage door half way. If it stays there then the garage door is balanced, otherwise there are problems. Sure, the motor could be burned out but if the door isn't balanced the replacement unit will burn out too! If the unit is old I would replace it. Lots of times it's not just the motor but the gears inside too.
Using a char coal BBQ, how far should I be away from the house? Are there any guidelines, rules anywhere?
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? I would like to have a small waterfall leading into a small pond in my garden. Due to the Westnile virus, it is essential here to prevent mosquitoes to nest. What can I do to prevent mosquitoes to be able to nest in it?
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? A couple options: Make it small enough that the waterfall will keep the water moving. Mosquitoes like standing water, but not moving water. Add some fish. Fish love to eat Mosquito larvae.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? It really depends on the material of your house and the height of the overhang. In one extreme, if you have a brick house with no overhang you can be almost right up against it. Vinyl siding and/or 9' overhang is the other extreme. You should probably not be within 10' of vinyl siding. Somewhere in the middle is wood siding which probably will not burn but you might get paint bubbling if you are within 3' As a general rule you don't want to be under a 1 story overhang which will hold heat and any sparks in.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? In addition to introducing predators like fish and dragonflies and moving water, many folks use Rabon blocks which are fed to livestock to prevent flies and mosquitoes from breeding in the animal waste. Rabon (tetrachlorvinphos) blocks are nontoxic to animals but cause the larva to not develop and thus interrupts the life cycle of mosquitoes and flies. You can break the Rabon up and sprinkle it in the water to help prevent mosquitoes from breeding. Rabon can be purchased at farm supply stores or via Amazon.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? Snake Light Stop holding a flashlight in your mouth.
How can I have a pond but prevent mosquitos to nest there? You may want to take a look at Mosquito Dunks: Kills mosquito larvae for 30 days! Mosquito Dunks have been used by professionals for more than a decade and have proven their value in destroying mosquitoes - by killing the larvae before they mature into biting adults. Made with Bt-israelensis (Bt-i), a highly specific biological pesticide, this product represent a major breakthrough for people and the environment when compared with the traditional toxic chemical approach to mosquito control. Will not harm people, pets, wildlife or fish. To learn more about Bt-i, click here for reference information from the Environmental Protection Agency. Easy To Use: Once a month place wherever water accumulates around your home - you'll be rid of mosquitoes for the whole season. Each Dunk will effectively treat up to 100 square feet of surface water regardless of depth. They may also be broken in half to treat smaller areas. Great for use in water gardens, flower pots, bird baths, rain gutters and decorative ponds!
Good low cost tools for woodwork I'm starting to get into some woodwork for building a desk for my home and I need to purchase some tools, but I'm not really sure of what to look for to determine if a tool is of good quality. I don't want superb top of the line tools as I won't be using them that often but I need something that will not hinder my work, and I definitely want something that will at least be good for a couple years (maybe). I'll probably be needing a power drill a circular saw a jig saw orbital sander or belt sander
Good low cost tools for woodwork My absolute favorite power drill I've bought is a Ryobi 12V cordless. They don't make the same model I have now, but the current "One+" series takes both the old 12V batteries that I have, and the newer lithium batteries (my brother has one of those - it can charge a battery in about 45 minutes!) One of the nice things about the drill, other than the fact that it was under $60, is the magnetic tray on the bottom - it's wonderful for holding bits as you change them in and out. I use my drill as a power screwdriver all the time, so having the tray to hold screws and the bit I use to pre-drill the hole is nice. The great thing about the cordless series is that you can get a bunch of different tools that all use the same batteries. I picked up mine at Home Depot.
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Is it enough to pour boiling water in their mount?
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Fire extingusher I have something similar to this Kiddie Single-use from Home Depot because of its ABC rating: Suitable for use on Class A (trash, wood, & paper), Class B (liquids & gases) and Class C fires (energized electrical equipment). The Full Home unit is fitted with a pressure gauge that provides at-a-glance status, is manufactured from lightwieght aluminum and a tough nylon valve assembly. Mult-Purpose Dry Chemical UL Listed / Rated 1-A, 10-B:C Suitable for use on most common fires Better to have it and not need it!
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Ant Control on Simple Pest Control has a huge list of ant control techniques (even mentioning your boiling water idea, which I'd never heard of - I'll have to try that!). It includes a lot about behavior control, ie, keep them from wanting in your house to begin with, to keeping them out of the areas you don't want them in, etc. The Biological Control section lists several natural ways of getting rid of ants: Make your own boric acid bait to kill ant colonies. Ant baits are the cornerstone of all ant control. Instead of spraying poisons everywhere, which can split colonies up and potentially make ant control more difficult, you bring the ant to the poison. The worker/foraging ants then take the poison back to the nest to share with larvae and queen. This is how colonies die, or are reduced to acceptable levels. Boric acid is a perfect ant poison. It’s cheap, natural, and much less dangerous (though not harmless) than commercial poisons. Best of all, when mixed correctly, boric acid is a slow ant killer – it allows ants time to bring it back to the nest in sufficient quantities for an ant apocalypse. Here are a few boric acid ant bait recipes: Mix three cups of water with one cup sugar and four teaspoons of boric acid (Borax). Pour around a cup of solution into separate jars. Pack the jars with cotton balls to about the halfway point. Seal the lid and poke a few holes at the center. Make a fun skull-and crossbones label and set the jars out in ant trails and hotspots. Some ants prefer protein and grease over sugar (little black ants, thief ants, pavement ants, big headed ants…). Replace the sugar in the above recipe with canned pet food. Or try this recipe: Mix four tablespoons of peanut butter with six tablespoons of honey and one teaspoon Borax. Use diatomaceous earth – the slow ant killer. Most ant species are susceptible to diatomaceous earth, a desiccant dust consisting of the fossilized shells of ancient algae. These shells are covered in microscopic shards which create cuts in the cuticle of crawling insects. The ants walk over the DE, start leaking, dehydrate, and die. You can apply DE as an ant barrier around the outside of your home or inside, around the perimeter of rooms and carpets (be sure it’s food grade). You can mix DE in water to make a paste to apply to trees. You can get proactive and dust nearby anthills. Using a duster, you can apply DE to the cracks, crevices, and wall voids, where it will remain effective forever. Capsaicin – a natural ant repellent. Chili pepper, black pepper, red pepper, ginger, and paprika all contain capsaicin and so can be used to repel ants. I’ve heard of people using it as a barrier around homes, but it is best used in gardens. You can apply these powders around the base of plants or in wide bands (5-6 inches) between rows. Citrus oils kill ants. Linalool and d-limonene - citrus peel extracts found in products like Orange Guard, Citra-Solve, Bugs’R’Done and Pro-Citra DL Aerosol – can be used for ant control in a variety of ways. They can be used as a direct kill spray, a repellent in gardens, as a drench for anthills and outdoor nests, or for treatment of cracks and crevices where ants are nesting indoors (may stain).
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? A Good Flashlight Regular and Small versions are good to have - I'm constantly looking for one when trying to fix something.
How can I get rid of ants in an environmently friendly way? Have you asked the mill if there is a way for you to remove their ink? Failing any useful response from them, you might want to try lemon juice. I know it's good for removing the stains from steel coming into contact with tannin and it might work.
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? We have a number of "slabs" that are just wider than a brick, which are set on top of walls in the garden. A number of them have come lose and I need to remove the cement mix that used to hold them down and set them again. What mix of cement and sand should I use, and are there other things I should mix in to ensure the mortar has a good "grip" on the stone that sits on top of the wall?
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? As others have pointed out, resale value of any particular feature depends on who you are selling to. In my mind seeing an electric fireplace would trigger the following thoughts: "Looks temporary and cheap. What other things did they skimp on? How much would it cost me to deal with these things down the road?". But obviously not everybody is like me -- other people might be thrilled to see this thing -- study your target demographic. Another important aspect is that making one's wife happy for
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? A good chisel is in any woodworker's toolbox.
What mix of cement and sand should I use to set cap slabs? 1-2 months for a 1" filter, and 6 months for a 6" filter is a good rule of thumb. However, that is for average conditions in an average home. You may want to check yours more frequently if you have any pets since fur will tend to dirty up the filter quicker, and reducing the filter's usable life. You can also compare a new one (or photo of a new one that you took before putting it in) with the current one to determine how "bad" or "dirty" the current one looks. If it looks bad, change it.
Why does my kitchen faucet cut out intermittently? Sometimes when I'm running water from my kitchen faucet, it will cut out for no apparent reason. It doesn't seem to matter if I'm running hot or cold water (or a mixture), but does seem to happen more often if I'm running the faucet fully open. I can usually fix it by closing and opening the faucet a couple of times. If that doesn't work, pulling the trigger on the -- separate -- pull-out spray nozzle often does it, and if that doesn't work, just turning it off and leaving it for a while will do it. What is causing this behavior and what can I do to prevent it from occurring in the future?
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? Recently I've seen someone miter the edge of a bathroom and closet door so it swings shut without hitting the door frame. I've never seen this before -- is it normal? Clarification: The edge that was mitered was the part that would swing into the door frame first due to the angle the door is at while closing it.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? I may be way off base here but have you tried removing the aerator on the faucet and letting it run on both hot and cold fully open (separately)? It's possible that the aerator could be clogging up and causing pressure buildup. If you do not have copper pipes then it's possible that the buildup would be caused by rusting or oxidization in the pipes. Full pressure should knock it loose I think.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? It shouldn't be necessary. Some times it might be useful: Your hinge plates aren't flush to the surface of the door or the frame. You have a build-up of paint on the door or frame causing the door to rub or stick. Some wood splinters easily if it's cut at a right-angle. Rounding the corners a little can help this.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? A Doweling jig can be useful. or a Pocket hole jig. And plenty of clamps (big ones, small ones, band clamps are nice). For power tools I find that Ryobi has decent tools for a good prices.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? Improper drainage can cause water to either enter directly into the house (between the slab and cinder block), or build up under the slab. The water can also be entering the cavity of the cinder block through a small crack, bringing soil and other debris along with it. When the water evaporates it is possible that it is carrying the odor with it, either up through the cinder block and into the house, or through another crack in the interior of the house. In a case like this you will most likely not see any signs of water in the house, but it could very well be whats causing the smell. Make sure the land around the house is properly graded away from the house, and possibly install a French drain especially if the land is graded towards the house. The drain can be used to divert water safely away from the house, and can usually be installed by a DoItYourselfer.
Is it normal to miter the non-pivoting edge of a door? I have seen outside units whose paint has faded and become chalky-looking after several years of service. I suppose waxing it might prevent or delay this, but I agree with Doresoom that the benefit is really going to be mainly cosmetic.
Gutter Installation Should gutters be placed above the garage door? I have a roof that peaks like a mountain (hip?). Most houses I see have gutters around the house but the roof above garage is largely ignored. I will be installing gutters soon on my house (it has none) and I am curious on what others have done. Roof ^^^ -+-+-+ Garage
Gutter Installation Gutters are for water management. If you have a paved drive and it drains well then you don't need gutters in front of the door. If water tends to flow back toward the garage when it runs off the roof then you should put a gutter in. Having a gutter will mean less splash on the bottom of your garage door which may help the door last longer. What others do with their gutters is fairly irrelevant to your situation.
Plugging a hole in the ceiling We had an electrician install a light in our ceiling. In the process he had to move the fitting about 10 centimeters which left a hole roughly three centimeters in diameter. He tried to pug it using filler which is a disaster. What's the best way for a hack like myself to plug this hole?
Plugging a hole in the ceiling For a 3cm hole, a lightweight compound should do the job. Patch it and paint it.
Plugging a hole in the ceiling Remove the metal brace if necessary and insert a small wood panel such that is overlaps enough on both sides. Then you can nail a small piece of Sheetrock in the size of the whole onto this wood panel that it is flush with the ceiling. Finally you can paint this in the same colour as the rest of the ceiling.
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? I have 1.5mm of white grout between rectified white tiles on my kitchen walls as a splashback (or backsplash in North America*) behind the sink and cooktop and I'm concerned about stains from food and mould. I've read on the web I'm supposed to seal the grout using a soak-in sealant in what sounds like a very time-consuming prcoess that has to be repeated every year, forever. Is there a more long-lasting way to do this? Surely just using that new "no-mould-for-five-years" white silicone sealant would be better than that? . . ((* this is hilarious - I'm imagining some dopey kitchen contractor who says it wrong migrating from the US to Australia or vice versa and everyone picking up the wrong term))
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? Quick clamps. about a million times better than these:
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? I fear there'll be no easy answer. Are your baseboards/skirting boards fixed to the wall above the flooring? If so you may be able to remove them and fix them slightly higher so the flooring can slide underneath.
How can I seal the grout on kitchen wall tiles to give lasting stain and mold protection? Wheelchair access needn't be completely 100% level, it just can't have steps. It's feasible to use a door sill (such as this) to stop weather getting in under a door. It's also possible to have a narrow channel under the door, too, that takes rain and moisture off to the side.
How do I add a quiet blower or fan to a gas fireplace? I have beautiful fireplace in my family room, although it is gas rather than wood burning, and it vents strait outside. Due to the nature of how it is vented, I don't really get much heat from it, and I think I am losing a lot of the heat it could be generating during winter (and therefor wasting a lot of energy and increasing my cost.) After reading my fireplace manual, it appears that I can install a blower that can move heated air from around the exhaust back into the room. There were no instructions on how to do so, however. What would it take to install a blower into my fireplace, and where might I find a very quiet blower? The noise level is an important factor, as I've heard some fireplace blowers that are extremely noisy, and given the acoustics of the room, I worry it will drown out sound from the entertainment system.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I have some old skirting (I believe baseboard is the familiar term for most of you: the wood covering the join between my floor and walls). The floor tiler failed to tell us that it could easily be removed before tiling and re-done afterwards (and should be if you want it to look good, which is obviously the point of getting new tiles). So now I have a very expensive and nice tile floor that looks a bit cheap and shoddy because the edges are a bit messy and the skirting is old (and uneven in places), and I can't remove it because the tile is holding it in. How can I cover it up? I'm imagining there is a product out there somewhere which is sort of a trim for concealing smaller old trim like mine. Looks just like largish trim but is "hollow" underneath, like in this ascii-art diagram:  WALL : : : :-------IMAGINARY CONCEALING TRIM :\____ | :__  | | : |  | | :.|..|_|.........FLOOR   ^  |  OLD SKIRTING Does anything like this exist? Or any better solutions? Update: Quarter round has been mentioned, and that hides the bottom of the trim (skirting/baseboard), but I also need to hide the top (it's very uneven and clearly lower than in adjoining rooms).
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? Home improvement stores have grout sealers. I have used them in the kitchen and on the bathroom floors. Works well in both places. It is very easy to use. Just make sure the grout has set up and is dry.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? If you do this, make sure you don't get any wax on the coil! Doing so would hurt the unit's performance. As others have said, this is totally a cosmetic thing. It won't help the life of the unit much. When the unit needs to be replaced, it will be because the coil or compressor is busted (probably 15yrs from now), and you've decided it isn't worth repairing. It's not going to need replacement because the frame has some surface rust.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I had a similar issue when the electrician installing my fan had to install the fan box properly on a stud because the previous box was not on a stud. A hole about as large as yours was left. What you can do is take those wall patches that you purchase at Lowes or Home Depot and place it over the hole with some spackle to make it stick at first. After you have spackled and attached the patch, then spackle all over the patch to smooth it out. Let it dry, then sand, primer, and paint.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? The Trane unit has a special coat of paint that will make it look good for years and years, I doubt you will need to wax it. See Page 5 of the Trane informational packet:.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I think this is a problem easily solved by Quarter round. Actually I think this is why quarter round was invented. If the existing molding is small enough you could possibly cover it up, but it might look even worse if the original molding is too large because the cover would have to be bigger. If you want to cover the original molding you could get larger molding, and using a router hollow out part of it so the old molding fits inside. Then simply nail it on. Other than that you could always ask the tiler if he could fix the problem (at his own cost of course), because it sounds like he did not do a proper job. If you have not paid him, consider withholding the payment until the job is done properly.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I would contact the manufacturer of the fireplace; either by phone or on the web, they should have a blower designed for your fireplace. They may also provide instructions on hooking it up, or offer installation as a service.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? An answer to a question about squeaky floors recommended Squeeeeek No More screws. You screw them in until a certain depth and then break the head off, so the top wood is fixed to the bottom wood (it probably won't work with a concrete floor, like we usually have here in Europe), without a visible screw head (you fill the small hole with wood filler). I don't know whether it works with laminate flooring, and whether you can get it in New Zealand, but you can always ask them. This will of course remove the freedom of the movement of the wood, I don't know whether that is a good idea or not.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? Water is a very damaging force, over time it could cause a rut or divots in the driveway. Putting up a gutter will prevent this, for the cost of the gutter it is worth it. If the roof slopes down to the garage door put a gutter, if not you don't need one. The only reason you would need one is if the rain water is draining off the roof onto the driveway in front of the garage door.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I'm surprised no one has mentioned them but I think a good set of chisels are invaluable. Any time you're working with wood, a sharp set of chisels can be the key to getting a good fit and finish.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? I'm assuming you're talking about the condensing unit sitting outside? I'd say you'll wear out the unit long before the frame becomes damaged enough to affect it's function.
How do I cover old baseboard (skirting)? A decent quarter-sheet, general purpose palm sander. Especially one with decent fastening capabilities.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor In a world where every guy with a truck full of tools is a "contractor", how do you weed out the good from the bad?
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor I typically ask around at work for referrals - we have a junk mail board that's a great place for posts like that. You could also look at the Better Business Bureau for your area, or look at a site like Angie's List. You could also ask the contractor for references.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor Ask to see some of their work and talk to previous clients. The good ones will put you in touch with previous clients straight away. The bad ones will prevaricate. Don't employ the ones that come round touting for business. If they have the time to drive around looking for "damaged" roofs, driveways in need of repair etc. then they can't be that good. Having a full schedule is usually a good sign.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor Talk to at least 2. Every contractor does things differently. Each will bring up concerns and ideas that others do not. You will learn a lot from these conversations that will help you make a good decision.
What do you do/ask when hiring a contractor You only need to do this if you've incorrectly mounted the hinge. The better solution would be to remount the hinges so you don't have to do this.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? What are the recommended settings for an air conditioning unit that is dual-zone? Meaning, if I have a house that is two stories I know that in Florida they recommend you keep it at 78 F in the summer and 69 in the winter, but the top half of the house will always get hotter (and colder in the winter). So what are the recommended settings for a house in a configuration like this that achieve the best of comfort and energy savings?
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? It looks like you're using untreated dimensional lumber for your deck. If you want that to last you really need to paint it. That would get rid of the stamps. Untreated fir like that really doesn't like to be outdoors. Even with a deck sealer you're not going to get the life out of it that you'll be happy with I think. Especially if it's uncovered as most decks are.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? Grout sealer would be the obvious way to do it, but another way would be to have the tile reglazed. As a side effect of reglazing the tile, the grout is glazed over as well, making it much easier to clean. It would be more expensive of course to have that done, but it would give you the option to change the color of the tile as well if you wanted to.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? A few ideas: Ask for references. This can work nice, but since the contractor can choose which references to give you, doesn't always give an accurate picture. If they are in a regulated trade (electrician, plumber, builder, etc.) ask your local city code inspector. They know all the contractors and know which ones do good work and which ones do just enough to pass inspection. Check with your local building/plumbing/electrical supply stores. They know the contractors and which ones are good or bad.
What are the recommended settings for a dual-zone air conditioning unit? There are a number of good ideas already given, I would add to check their license. I know Florida keeps a nice online presence http://www.myflorida.com/licensee/
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? I have a patio that's made of bricks with fine sand filling the gaps. This is turning out to be a maintenance hassle. Every time the kid or dog gets mud or crud on the patio I hose it off and manage to blow more and more sand out of the cracks. Is there a way to seal the seams between the bricks or use something more sticky than sand... like a fine grout? I like the look just fine, but it appears that I'm going to be spending a lot more time than I desire on maintenance of my patio.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? What you are looking for is a joint sand stabilizing sealer. That should prevent washout as well as weed growth in the joints.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? You could mix up a fine sand & cement mixture brush that into the gaps then water the patio to turn that into mortar in place. You'd need to make sure the patio was clean first, and don't use too much water. Though this would be a fairly permanent solution.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? Depending on the layout, you might be able to fix this without taking up any of the flooring. Here in the US at least, laminate flooring is usually installed in a floating manner, where the individual laminate boards are not attached to the subfloor at all and the entire floor is free to expand and contract (assuming it's not bound up at the edges). The expansion gap around the perimeter of the room is hidden under a baseboard and some variety of quarter-round or shoe molding. If your floor is buckling because its expansion gap isn't big enough, you should be able to remove that shoe molding and baseboard and cut the edges to increase the gap without pulling up the flooring. I'd recommend an oscillating multifunction tool for this as it will let you cut very close to the wall, unlike a circular saw. Here's a cheap one from Harbor Freight.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? In the US, check their status with the Better Business Bureau. Also, if you hire contractors frequently, you should probably look into subscribing to Angie's List, which crowdsources customer reviews of contractors and other service providers.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? This may be necessary to repair an old door and frame where age may have been a factor in reducing clearances.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? What color is the dust that comes off when you drill? If it's just white, you could be just drilling into the plaster instead of the actual solid material underneath. Try drilling deeper holes and see if you hit a more solid surface.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? If you're doing a job that creates a lot of dust, it's really worth tarping off the doorways to limit exposure. After doing a floor sanding project, for the next few months my laser printer smelt like a fireplace every time I printed something.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? I believe this was pretty standard practice when interior doors were solid wood. My last house was 100 years old, and every interior door had an angle on the edge the way you describe. Was the guy you saw doing it an old-timer? I think the practice has advantages. It allows you to get a smaller reveal between the door and frame, which might look better. It also lets you even up the reveal without resorting to shimming the hinges. And when the house shifts and the door starts to rub it's much easier to remove the offending bit since you're planing off a bit of an arris rather than a whole flat edge.
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? patching a hole in the ceiling is the same as patching one in the wall (only your arms usually get more tired from being above your head), see this question
How do I seal seams between bricks on a patio without using sand? Sledge Hammer When a normal hammer just won't do.
re-using wood from a concrete form? I strive to not waste materials wherever possible, and "use once then discard" methods are particularily irksome. So with this mind, what suggestions do you have for enabling re-use of lumber used for concrete forms?
re-using wood from a concrete form? If you use it for a form again no problem . . . otherwise, the remnants of the concrete on the wood will damage your power tools.
What can I do to fix the dispenser in the front of my fridge? My ice maker works (so the fridge is connected to water) but when I try to get water or ice from the door on the fridge nothing happens. Is there a fuse or something that could be blown? I know there is a switch that turns it off when the door is open but how do I take that apart? There are no visible screws or anything. I don't want to call someone out as it'll probably cost over $200 just to get someone to come over and that's 20% of the cost of the fridge in the first place!
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Only during summer and only when the sun is close to the horizon the light from the sun confuses my garage door opener and in order to close the door I have to hold down the wired button which is a real pain if I'm leaving. A friend suggested I use toilet paper rolls (or maybe some PVC) to shield the sensor from the sun and direct the beam to the other sensor and that's a good idea but it'll mean I have to change how the sensors are mounted to the track and move them out a bit. Just moving them back might solve the problem (since they'll be blocked by the walls). Any other suggestions? Is this a common problem?
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? The number of uses a carpenter's square has are almost as many as the uses for the common screwdriver. See also: http://zo-d.com/stuff/how-do-i/how-to-use-the-swanson-speed-square-as-a-framing-square.html
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? I found this graph : Temperature Settings
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? You probably only have to shield the sensor just enough to put a shadow over it (and not let the sun hit it directly). I would think a small piece of cardboard taped to the side or top (or both) of the sensor that is getting hit with the sun should do it. Another way would be to block the sun from outside of the garage by maybe planting a shrub (test it out by putting your garbage can in line to block the sun when it is low in the sky and see if it works).
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Find out the payment terms. If they want all or most up-front, it is generally a bad sign.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Get a long and sturdy metal level. Clamp it to plywood and use it as a straightedge for your circular saw.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? It is not particularly water conscious, but you could open up another hot water tap or two to move the cold water out of the pipes more quickly.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? I would save it to re-use as a form, or for bracing, or other one-off uses.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? Have you checked the manual for your fridge? At the very least it might have disassembly instructions, maybe fuse locations (if any), and possibly some troubleshooting for the front dispenser.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? When you push the levers in to dispense water/ice, do you hear the motor running (but nothing comes out)? If so, then it's probably a supply problem (iced up line, etc). If not, then it's likely an electrical problem. Most likely a fuse or a bad relay. To get into the unit, you would (usually) need to remove the whole plastic panel on the inside of the door. The screws are usually hidden underneath the seal that runs around the edge of the door. Your user manual might have some useful information as well.
How do I compensate for the sun confusing my garage door opener's sensors? What a pain that must be. Could you raise or lower the sensors a few inches up or down to make it less inline with the sun? I agree with Jeff, all you need is just enough to make a shadow. Really not much else you can do, other than disable the sensors which would obviously dangerous and not recommended.
Are High End Furnace Filters worth the cost? There are many levels of furnace filters. I can get cheap ones at walmart of a few bucks. Then there are ones that cost upwards of $30. I realize that if you have allergies or low immune systems, these are probably worth it. Also if you have pets they may help. But for average folks, with no medical needs, are they worth the cost?
Are High End Furnace Filters worth the cost? @Eric's list is great. I'd add a few more: Ask what they do to keep up with developments in their trade. Most will give you a blank look but some will be incredibly excited to tell you about the latest issue of FHB or Journal of Light Construction. More of a negative thing, but if anybody "helps" you by telling you how to get around permits, etc., then move on to the next candidate. Look at the condition of their tools and vehicles. The don't have to be new, obviously, but I've found that respect for tools goes hand-in-hand with good work.
How to get discount prices for replacement parts I inherited an old fridge a while back that had a broken ice maker. I never had an ice maker before I so started to look into fixing it. I found a parts store and bought a new one for $100 and installed it myself . . . it was surprising easy. I thought I was king of the DIY world until recently I found out that I could buy a new fan motor for my AC unit for $150 but if a "professional" went to the same supplier he could buy the fan for less than $50. Now I'm starting to think that the $100 ice maker repair from 5 years ago would cost less then $30 if I went to the store in overalls or something. And don't get me started on the price of a capacitor for an AC unit . . . they'll charge you $200 to install a part that they list on the invoice as $140 and $60 for a service call . . . but it's a freaking capacitor! $10 tops. How can I get the same price the pros get?
How to get discount prices for replacement parts The problem with the really cheap filters is that you really should replace them monthly. The slightly more expensive filters often only need to be replaced every 3 months or so, which in reality doesn't actually make them that much more expensive. I usually go with the cheapest 3 month filters, since I know I'm not going to get down there every month to replace the super cheap ones. Aside from that consideration and the ones you already mentioned, there's no need to spend lots of money on a top of the line filter. They aren't going to make your furnace last any longer.
Caulking for deck frame To seal the seam between a doubled joist or beam, what type of caulking is best? The Home Depot Decks 123 book recommends Alex Plus (acrylic latex plus silicone) while a guy at Home Depot suggested Mono Ultra Exterior (latex). How about Blueskin? I initially used Alex Plus, it rained before the caulk cured, the caulk became a shriveled and cracked mess, I scraped it and replaced it with Mono Ultra Exterior.
Caulking for deck frame You could swap the emitter and detector units so that the emitter is on the sunlit side. It doesn't matter if the emitter is being blasted by sunlight; only the detector needs to be protected. Of course you might just be changing the time of day of your problem if the other side of the door is sunlit at a different time. :) Don't forget to swap the wiring at the opener unit as well of course.
How do I run wires for a wall-mount flatscreen TV? Like a lot of you, we have several wall-mounted LCD HDTVs in the house. The TVs have two wires -- power and HDMI -- running down the wall to the power outlet and cable box. I've historically been too timid to try to run the wiring inside the drywall and too cheap to pay someone to do it... and I'm hoping diy.stackexchange.com can come to the rescue. What is the easiest and least-destrictive way to run cables from behind the TV (about 4-6 feet high, depending) to the electrical junction boxes on the floor (usually about 3-4 inches high). Solutions that are too hard/destructive for me: Removing and then patching large swaths of drywall. I would like to keep any drywall holes to a size that can be repaired with a small drywall patch kit. Installing an electrical junction box behind the TV. I'm not an electrician and this scares me. Also, it doesn't help with the HDMI table. Is this possible for a novice DIYer, or do I need to call in a professional?
How do I run wires for a wall-mount flatscreen TV? Placing a tube around the sensor/emitter might work, but it sounds like that would easily break if kicked or struck by something passing by. Perhaps a polarized filter for a camera would be taped or somehow fixed to the unit. Amazon has this one for $11.99.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? Many houses in my neighborhood are about 5 years old and are experiencing similar problems with their gutters. The nails holding them up are pulling out little by little. A couple homeowners had their fall off. I took and look at mine and saw a few nails sticking out. What's the correct way to fix this? Just hammer them back in and hope for the best? Fill hole with adhesive (Liquid Nails?) and hammer back in? Hammer in a different kind of nail?
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? The really really easy way to do this is to use trunking: this is plastic square conduit, with a lid on the fourth side. Some makes are even self-adhesive: take off the lid, place the trunking on the wall where you want it, slip the wires inside, replace the lid, job done. For example: Amazon do this.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? They make special Gutter hangers. They also make Gutter screws. These might be a better option if the nails simply won't hold.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? While Jeremy's answer about the Wiremold products is a good one, for aesthetics I'd recommend the same manufacturer's CordMate product. I've used both types, but in the house where people can see it, I prefer the look of the CordMate. The only drawback is that you can usually only run one cord through one CordMate (though two pairs of speaker wires will fit in one.) For instance, I've run two CordMate channels side by side down the wall from our wall-mount TV; one for power and one for the cable connection. I painted the CordMates when I recently repainted that wall, and they look good -- I think they're less noticable that the big Wiremold channels. I've also used a CordMate at work to hide the Ethernet cable that runs down my office wall -- even unpainted, it's hardly noticeable.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? @Jeremy has a good solution, but if you're willing to do a little more work, there is a little better-looking answer. Since you're running an HDMI cable, I assume you have some kind of small stand/table in front of the outlet that your cable box sits in or on. With a drywall knife, punch out a hole behind the TV and install a plastic "old-work" 1-gang box. Don't worry, we're not going to install electrics here; just a plastic box that has a couple of "ears" on it so it can slide into existing drywall. Do the same thing at the bottom of the wall, above your electrical outlet. You can now run the cables easily through the wall without patching any drywall. If everything's laid out correctly, both will be hidden (one by the TV, one by the stand/table that holds your cable box).
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? If the nails are loose and pull out easily, just pounding them back in won't help much. The best way to fix any kind of nail/screw hole where the screw or nail won't grip any more is like this: Remove the screw/nail. Take some toothpicks and dip them in wood glue (e.g. tightbond). Stuff as many toothpicks into the hole as you can, snapping them off flush with the hole. Put the nail/screw back in (while the glue is still wet). I find myself doing this most for loose door hinges, but it works for pretty much anything. Once the glue dries, the result is better than new.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? I can understand being concerned with running electrical, but low voltage is a snap, as you don't have to install boxes in the walls. You can get the necessary equipment to install low-voltage wall plates at most home improvement stores. You'll need the wall plate, the correct inserts for it (they make 'em for F connectors (cable TV), RJ45 (twisted pair ethernet), RJ11 (phone), RCA plugs, and some can take extra wide inserts for HDMI, blanks to fill in any holes you won't be using, and a wall insert thing (not sure what it's officially called; it goes into the wall cavity to give you something to screw the wall plate down to. You hold the insert where you want it (which is anywhere there isn't a stud, pipes, or electrial), trace it on the wall, then cut out with a drywall saw. Afix the insert. You can then fish the lines through the wall cavity. As we're not trying to go horizontal, you can just use a decent sized nut tied to the end of a piece of string. Dangle it down, and grab it when it's at the lower hole. If you're trying to get it into a very small lower hole, or it's not exactly lined up with the other one and your hands aren't small enough, bend a wire coat hanger into a hook to grab the string. (note -- you want the string more than 2x the length you're going ... so you use one hand to wiggle the string if needed, while catching it with the other one. Once you have the string fished through, tie the top end to something (you can temporarily place a bolt for the face plate into the wall insert, and tie off to that). Remove the nut from the lower end and tie it onto the cables you're fishing. Pull the string to bring the cables up. Attach the cables to the inside of the prepared faceplate. Bolt the faceplate to the wall. Do whatever you need to do to terminate the stuff down below, and you're done. ... Electrical is similar, but you have to put boxes in the wall which need to be attached to studs, so you have to plan your holes better. Fishing is more difficult, as you're trying to get it into one of the holes punched out of the box. (and I guess it's possible that there might be permit/inspection issues ... I'm not an electrician)
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? If you want to go the glue route, I'd recommend Gorilla Glue - it's water-activated, and intensely-difficult to get rid of once dispensed. I'd also think about switch to screws if you could, a la Tester101's suggestion.
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? Maybe I'm just sloppy, but I've never bothered to caulk the seam on a doubled up joist with treated wood. There was one time I felt I needed to worry about that, but that was with a cantilevered deck using untreated wood. In that case I just used aluminum flashing over the top of the joists. I suppose if I were going to caulk it though, I would use a silicone caulk over a latex caulk since they generally adhere and hold up to water better (cleanup is messier, but it's a deck, so it probably doesn't matter).
How do I fix gutter nails that are coming out? You will probably never get the same prices as a professional as you don't buy as much as they do. However, you can always try to hackle the price down. It's amazing how much you can save when you use some time. You should find the right places though, the all organized places with big catalogs is usually a hard place to get discounts.
How can I clean out my gutters while still on the ground? My roof is taller than I'm comfortable getting on a ladder. I've got a couple weeds/trees starting to grow in them. Is there a tool that would somehow let me scrape or use water-pressure to clean the gutters?
How can I repair the cool deck around the pool? In places around the pool the cool deck has flaked off and I can see the bare concrete. The previous owner tried to patch it in places but it looks horrible because the texture AND color don't match. Is there some kind of cool deck spary texture, like the kind of texture you can get for drywall? Also, can I paint all of the cool deck and will it last more than a year?
How do I fix stucco that is falling off of the walls? I have slump block walls that were covered in stucco at some point and now in places it's falling off. I know I need to power wash the wall and then use some kind of bonding agent so the new stucco will stick to the old wall but how do I apply the stucco? I feel like going from the skip trowel stucco look to the adobe look but that's a lot of walls to cover just to avoid learning how to do it the skip trowel way. Suggestions?
How do I fix stucco that is falling off of the walls? The valve that diverts the water to the spray nozzle may be (partially) clogged or defective. Or the valve on your spray nozzle.
How do I fix stucco that is falling off of the walls? A hack saw.
What is the best quick repair for a drain pipe? In particular, a cast iron drain pipe. It doesn't have to be pretty, but needs to be effective and should last until it can be fixed properly.
Radiators need bleeding regularly (at least once a fortnight) - why? Last winter, our radiators regularly lost their heat and consequently needed bleeding frequently. I couldn't see any obvious leak. What could be causing this and what should I check for?
What's a good way of detecting drafts? In particular, I'm trying to insulate my loft. I'm not keen on the idea of taking a naked flame up there!
Where should my furnace filter go in a Lennox G40UHX series furnace? I have a Lennox G40UH(X) series furnace, which is installed in our attic (We have a single-story house on a slab). Because the furnace is installed in the attic, it is "laying down" on its side, and the incoming air is piped into what would be the bottom of the unit if it was standing up. We have intake vents in almost every room of the house (small vents, about 12" long by 8" tall). These vents go up to the attic, and they're all routed into a big metal box which is appears to be welded to the bottom of the furnace. Because this is kind of hard to imagine, I mocked up a little image of my setup (this isn't my actual furnace, just a similar picture I found on Google): I have flexible ducts leading to the cold air intake "box" that is welded to the bottom of the furnace, and round flexible ducts leading from the hot air "box" to all of our vents (which are in the ceiling). The problem I am having is that I can't see where to install a filter! I can remove the front panel and see the bottom motor, but there's no where to actually put a filter. According to the User's Information Manual: This unit is not equipped with a filter or rack. A field-provided high-velocity filter is required for the unit to operate properly. A filter must be in place whenever the unit is operating I don't have any idea what a "field-provided filter" is. When we bought the house, there were a few destroyed filters in the attic next to the furnace (all of different sizes, a few cut to different sizes, but no filter in the furnace. It looks like the previous owners had no idea either. So, for now, we've just been running the furnace without any filter. Is there something I can do to put a filter in? Is it really harmful to run the furnace without one? Should I look into putting filters in all of my little air intakes around the house? Update: As is usually the case with me, I put off worrying about the furnace until it started getting too cold here at night. I finally climbed up to the attic and took a good look at the furnace. There isn't any indication of where a filter should go, and no slot to slide it in or bar to hold it in place. This is the air intake area - you can see the circulating fan on the right, behind the control board: I put the filter along the bottom - a 14x25x1 fit snug across the whole side (bottom if it was standing up). I had to fold and bend the filter some to get it inside the furnace. The only thing that seems to hold it in place is the body of the circulating fan:
Fitting glass fibre loft insulation - recommended eye protection I've tried various goggles (some with more ventilation than others) and resorted to swimming goggles, but they all steam up after 60 seconds at the most. Maybe I sweat too much(!), but whatever I try doesn't seem to be very effective (i.e. licking the lenses, rubbing with a potato, etc.)
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Forgive me I'm a newb. We have become the proud owners of a new deck. One of the features that we thought was great was that the boards are installed fairly snugly and diagonally nailed into joists like hardwood flooring. However, I'm used to seeing decking installed with screws nailed into joists from the top. Is the method my contractor chose normal? Will boards be popping up on me in the years ahead? Edit I'll add that there is some spacing between boards, just not as much as I am used to seeing. Maybe on the order of a 1/8 inch spacing.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Usually the filter is mounted between all the return ducting and the furnace itself - potentially it is installed at a strange angle or covered up with tape or something. Here is a picture of mine, it's the darker colored piece the duct is attached to, with foil tape sealing it to the furnace housing.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? You can have a blower-door test done (or rent a blower and do it yourself). Basically you close all your doors/windows, and then stick a big fan in your doorway (sealed), then have it blow air outside. It creates negative pressure inside your house, amplifying any air leaks. I had this done as part of an energy audit (and when it was fairly cold outside), and just walked around using my hand to feel for any leaks (they are pretty obvious, because it is like a jet of cold air shooting in).
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? The iRobot Looj may help you - it is a gutter-cleaning robot. I've never tried one, but I do have a Roomba (which I can attest works quite well) and these are the guys that make military/bomb squad robots. You still have to get on a ladder to get it in, of course, but you don't actually have to climb onto the roof.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? You may want to look at something like the Gutter Cleaning Wand: You don't need to hire a professional to clean out your clogged rain gutters. Attach the Gutter Cleaner Wand to any standard garden hose, and you'll be able to clear out those debris-filled rain gutters yourself. This heavy-duty hose attachment has a telescoping wand that extends from 41.5 inches to 68.5 inches to get to those hard-to-reach spots along your roof. Rain gutter cleaner attaches to any standard garden hose Spray nozzle directs water flow to blast away debris Gutter cleaning device extends to 68.5 inches to aid in reaching remote areas
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? An IR Thermometer could be useful, and they are getting rather cheap. A Thermal camera would be great, but they cost a couple thousand dollars.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? I found that when it comes to decks, you're always going to have boards popping up if you're using nails. The fact is that screws form a much much better bond and are much harder to come loose than nails. In fact, I just helped my brother in law redo his deck with screws instead of nails because of boards sticking up. Some contractors use nails because it is faster and cheaper than doing the same with screws, and it'll be a few years before the owner has to redo anything. When it comes time to repair, use screws.
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Temporary fix: You can tightly wrap a rubber band around the pipe. Since there is no pressure in the drain pipes, that will work just fine, unless the pipe gets clogged and filled up with sewage (and even in this case the pressures would be small enough for such a fix to work). My parents' apartment has a cracked cast iron kitchen drainage pipe. The rubber band was placed there more than 20 years ago: still works. You shouldn't probably try to beat this record :)
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? Just call or e-mail them and ask for a better price. More often than not you'll get a discount. Works on appliances, materials, parts and everything else. Exception: big chain stores. My better half does this for most of the things we buy for the house. Maybe her voice plays a role here -- hard to say :)
Is it normal to install (pvc) decking like hardwood flooring? I'm going to assume that your decking isn't standard 5/4 (1" thick) treated pine, because it would be impossible to nail it down that way -- hardwood flooring planks are nailed along one edge, but the other edge is held down by a tongue and groove joint between it and the previous course of flooring planks. Simply nailing each course of standard (non tongue & groove) deck boards as you describe would leave the "trailing" edge of each board completely unsupported. So I'm guessing that what you have is a composite deck or one made of an exotic wood, where there's either a tongue & groove between each board, or each board is grooved to accept an hidden fastener. Either way your deck should have a longer, more trouble-free life than a standard deck that's face-nailed.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I have an office in the garage that is a standard room with insulation and an AC unit (8500 BTU AC in a 9' 3" tall room, 5" 4' wide). The room gets rather hot and I found the issue to be with the door and the hot air coming in from it. What is the best method to stop the heat from entering through the door but still leaving the opening and closing of the door functional? facts: 1. Wood door (32 inches) 2. Clearance on bottom between ground and door, ~ 3/4" 3. slight space between top of door and door framing, ~ 1/8" update: I found a fantastic tutorial that helps to solve this issue at http://www.familyhandyman.com/DIY-Projects/Saving-Money/Energy-Efficiency/weatherstripping-doors/Step-By-Step
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg They make a spray for Hockey visors that prevents them from fogging up; I have never tried it on goggles, but it should work on goggles too. It always kept my visor fog free, and I was always hot and sweaty playing hockey. You should be able to find it at your local sporting goods store. Actually I can't believe I have never tried this, I'm going to spray my safety glasses right now.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg You could try one of these Twin draft guards for the bottom of the door. Some Weather strip tape might work for the top.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I would not build a deck that way for a couple of reasons. First, decks should have some space between the boards for drainage. Otherwise water pools, accelerates rotting of the wood and makes the deck slippery. Second is expansion. Given that outdoor boards are alternately soaked and baked, there is significant shrinking and expanding of the boards (another reason for gaps). That will be most pronounced in the width of the board versus the thickness. As the board expands it pulls out the nail. If the nail is pounded into the edge it will pull out more since there is more expansion in that direction compared to a vertical nail. Screws don't pull out at all, and that's their principle advantage and why I always screw down deckboards. Nails are preferred by many, but I haven't seen them nailed into the edge, and I think it's for good reason. Edit: if it's a composite as others have suggested, everything I just wrote is a waste of pixels. Unread it. Edit 2: Turns out that this product is PVC plastic, and uses a HIDfast hidden fastening system Fastener System, Azek decking product installation videos. The product is also tongue and groove. Sounds like the contractor did a good job.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I had this issue too. Bled the system once myself, twice with professional plumbers who kept telling me that i didn't do it correctly. Cost me an arm and a leg. The worst part was when i asked a "plumber with 25 years of experience" where the air is coming from he couldn't explain it. Some people were saying it's because i have an old type of expansion tank with the air, others were saying that the water from the city comes with some air. What solved it is installing "Spirovent Air Eliminator". Not a sound this winter and i could finally sleep without hearing a waterfall. P.S. Got a few more opinions on this forum
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I used to buy my appliance parts at Amre Supply, and never bought anywhere else, so this is only one data point. But one time I was flirting with the checkout girl and she said "you know, if you make a business account you'll get about a 40% discount on nearly everything". All it took was an online application and a business card, which I had for my computer software business. I just checked the "other" box on the "what kind of business" question. After that, I just identified by business name and got the discount. And lest you think it was my James Bond Socializing Skills that got me a business account, I just printed the application online and brought it in, about a month later, where it was handled by a 67 year old retired plumber. So maybe you just need to pick one place and ask if they have business accounts. Ya never know.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I don't know if this is common or not, but in our current house and our previous house, the filter is in the return vent inside the house. The vent grate has two little latches that allow it to swing out of the way, revealing the filter. To check if yours is like this, just look for the latches and/or look through the vent slots and see if you see a filter. Edit: I should have read your post a little more carefully, I didn't notice you mentioned "all my little air intakes." So clearly you don't have just one return vent that could be housing a filter. At any rate, if a filter were present it would have to be between the return box at the left of your diagram and the unit itself. The installer should have built a gap in there to accept a filter, just like in gregmac's photo (but preferably this would be a slot rather than needing to be taped in!). If you're not seeing something like this I'd recommend modifying it, or having someone do it if you're not comfortable doing it.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg I've never had much luck with goggles. I just use the regular safety glasses that look like sunglasses. Should provide enough eye protection for doing fiberglass insulation anyways.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg Depending on how and where it broke it going to affect what you can use. I'm going to assume you're not looking for a suggestion of duct tape. For long straight sections, where I had to cut a pipe, I've used rubber pipe connectors. You just slip it on one side of the break, align the pipes, and slip it over the break and tighten down the hose clamps. There also exist pipe wraps that harden to do temporary repairs, that you can find in most hardware stores, but I've never used it. I've used epoxy putty when I had a leak right at a coupling, so I wasn't able to get wrap something tightly right where it was. You just knead it together, press it into the leak, and wait for it to set up.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg Monoprice has a complete kit that will allow you to cut two holes in the drywall, and then get power and also run your signal cables vertically. I believe you need to install an 'old work' (aka 'retrofit') box for the power side, but that is pretty straight forward. Once you cut the holes, these things fit in, and have wings that tighten down onto the drywall.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg This depends on how patient you are. My personal experience with plaster and stucco is that this is definitely one of those jobs best left to a professional: they'll cover in an hour what a beginner would take two days for.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg In the UK, it's not legal (quite correctly, in my view) for householders to work on gas pipework or fittings at all. If a buildings inspector or surveyor spots pushfit fittings on gas you can expect plenty of trouble down the line... to say nothing of the risk of a pinhole leak or if there's another fire nearby that melts the fitting. While you might save a few pounds in the short term, do you want to risk your life and that of those around you? A leaky joint in a water pipe might wreck a ceiling or a floor, the same in a gas pipe might kill you. Head here for details of the Gas Safety scheme which holds a register of tradespeople who can do the work for you.
Weather stripping a door in an outside bldg Preparation is all important for this kind of work. You need to make sure you remove all of the loose stucco because if you don't it will affect the finish and durability of the repair. My approach would be to use a wide cold chisel and lump hammer to go beyond the loose areas into the area that's still sound a little way. If you get a good stable surface then there shouldn't be a problem getting the stucco to stick. One point to consider - if you call a professional they'll have all the right tools and the experience, whereas this will be a learning experience for you and to do a good job you might end up spending almost as much on the tools (though they can be hired).
How do I safely and cleanly remove sealant from a plastic bath? I really need to replace the sealant around the bath, but I want to do a good job of removing the old stuff first. The bath is a plastic one, and the walls are tiled. What's the best way to get the old stuff off without leaving any residue or damage, so that fresh sealant can be applied?
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I am looking to hang some blinds over the window on my front door. Is ok to screw the mounting hardware directly into the door?
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? You might have to resort to good old fashioned elbow grease. The sealant should come off the tiles the easiest, both mechanically by scraping with a plastic edge - the flat edge of an adhesive spreader should be suitable, and if necessary chemically (though I'm not 100% certain what you can use) as the glazed surface will hard to damage. The plastic bath might cause more problems. I'd start with rubbing or scraping with the plastic edge - but take a lot more care. Chemicals are more likely to damage the surface too. You could try using a plastic safe cleaner.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Should be fine, just be careful not to poke a dent in the exterior skin when you pre-drill.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I'd use self tapping screws with a very small pilot hole.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Note that by code you're not allowed to run a device power cord behind the drywall. So if you want to stay in code (and there are many good reasons for doing so), then your two options are going to be either 1) conceal these cables on the outside of the wall using a surface-mount conduit as suggested by Jeremy McGee and Gordon Brandly, or 2) install a power outlet in a standard (non low-voltage) old-work box behind the TV. Personally I like gregmac's solution -- you'd still need to install two standard boxes and run a bit of romex up the wall, but you don't need to run it across the wall and tie it in to an existing outlet for power. The electrical skill needed for this would be similar to replacing a light fixture -- a couple of wire nuts and a couple of screw terminals. You can do it! The extension cord will look a little funny running from one outlet to another on your wall, but hopefully that'll be concealed by whatever furniture you have below.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I bought a kit similar to this one, and it worked rather well for both removing the old caulk and reapplying the new. It's plastic, so you shouldn't have to worry about scratching anything up with it.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Sounds like the unit doesn't hold the filter. It must be custom installed right between the return duct and the unit. You'd think the hvac guy would leave some kind of access panel. Mine is just like @gregmac's picture, except I can get at the filter on the opposite side via the blower access panel. Your going to circulate a lot of dust without a filter.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? It's definitely not a problem. As @ChrisF mentioned, the best way is to drill a small pilot hole (1/8" would probably be about right) and use a self-tapping screw. "Self tapping screws" suggest that you don't need a pilot hole, but they're really meant for sheet metal. They'll never get started in the steel skin of your door. A small hole will let them engage. Drilling steel is not like drilling wood. Please forgive me if this is too basic, but someone else might find it useful. To drill the hole, first locate where you want it with a pencil. Then use a center punch with a hammer to tap a small indent right where you want the hole. If you don't have a center punch use a nail. If you don't tap a center mark, your drill will skate right across the surface of the door and scratch the paint. Then drill at the full speed applying some pressure directly behind the drill motor, in line with the twist drill.(1) If you're used to drilling wood you might be surprised how much pressure it takes. (1) A bit (ha ha) of anal-retentive vocabulary: the thing that you plug in is the "drill motor". The thing that actually drills, which most people call the "bit", is not a bit, it's a drill, usually a "twist drill". I only bring this up because the the anonymity of the interwebs makes me bold.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? At my old house, there wasn't a slot to put the filter into. Taking the door off the side showed me the motor, like you've said, which was situated inside the cold air return chamber (much like your picture). The filter rested on two notches on the outer edge of the chamber, and basically blocked my view of the motor. See if there's a way to place the filter "in the way" of the cold air as it passes the motor. This disgusting image shows how the door opens to reveal the motor, and the air filter is placed at an angle in the way of the motor. Air flows from above and hits the angled filter. (source)
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Another approach is to avoid drilling at all and use a magnetic curtain rod. These are reasonably priced and stick well to the steel door without damaging it.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? Usually bathtub caulking is silicone caulk, which can be a bear to clean off. You can usually peel off most of it, but smudges and remnants remain and I know of no solvent to remove cured silicone. One tip I read somewhere (I have never tried it) is to use a drafting eraser - you know, the white kind with the paper sleeve. Apparently it will remove the smudges and last bits of clinging caulk. If you try this, report back on how well it worked!
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? This is a great article on how to remove the different types of caulk. It also talks about the pros and cons of different types of caulks when you reseal. From the article: Silicone caulk can be removed with a sharp, single-edged razor in a razor blade holder. Be very careful to keep the razor angled low so that you don't scratch the tub or shower pan, especially if it is a plastic or fiberglass. A utility knife can also be used to cut the caulk from between the tiles and the tub if the razor can't quite get it out, especially in deeper pockets and corners! Sometimes, if you have a porcelain tub, little black lines will appear on the porcelain as you scrape off the caulk, even though you know you didn't scratch the surface. These marks usually come off with the alcohol wipe. If they don't, use a little scouring powder or Soft Scrub... with a minimum of water.
Is it ok to screw into a steel door? I would start on the wall with the window above the tub. You should lay out a row of tiles on the ground as they would go on the wall. You'll want to pay attention to how the grout line will line up with the sides of the window and center accordingly. You always want the cut tiles in the corners where they will be hidden. Then start tiling from the tub up. Is this a wooden window sill in a shower? If so, you might want to think about removing the wood and tiling the window as well.
How do I balance a ceiling fan? About a year ago I installed a new ceiling fan in my living room and when it was installed it was balanced nicely, but it has a little wobble. How do I bring it back in to balance?
How do I re-level and re-lay a brick pad with a french drain underneath? I have a french drain that is under a brick pad just outside of my walk-out basement. As you can see in the pic, the bricks have settled and some have even sunk, making the floor uneven. I want to rip out all of the bricks, re-level and re-lay them. Any suggestions on doing it right?
How do I re-level and re-lay a brick pad with a french drain underneath? Have you tried cleaning the blades? At high speed, just the dust buildup (which can be significant) on the blade edges can cause a bit of a wobble.
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? I recently viewed a vacant house for sale that was nice except that the partially finished basement got flooded just enough to saturate the carpets and cover every piece of drywall, door, and trim with nasty black mold. It was even on the concrete on the unfinished side. It's clear the sump backed up from the recent storm and no one knew the pump quit. I was considering what it would take to bring this house back into shape. If I bought it, I'd certainly have a mold abatement specialist look at it. If the report shows the mold didn't spread beyond the basement, would I expect to run into any issues by simply demolishing the finished area's carpet, drywall and framing and then bleaching all the remaining surfaces? In other words, assuming no further flooding the house may become livable but will the basement always smell funny? What are the chances mold can come back in the bad way? Would there be any long term health risks after the cleanup?
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? I agree with Jeff's comment on this one. Once the mold smell is in there it's hard to get rid of. I've been in houses with moldy basements and they tried to use bleach to clear it up. The bleach cleaned out the mold but the smell still lingered. One thing you COULD try (and I'm not saying this'll work) is to hire a company that specializes in flood or crime scene cleanup. They have chemicals that can probably get rid of the mold smell for you. I'm not sure about the expense involved (I doubt it will be cheap) but it just may work for you.
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? Yes, I'd insulate: not least because the water in the pipe will stay warmer longer. Although PEX is a better insulator than copper, having hotter water come through the pipe faster is a good thing.
Can a house with moldy, flooded basement be a likely fixer upper? Three things come to mind. The easiest and probably first thing to try is clean it (as Eric suggests). Make sure all the bolts and screws are tight, this may require taking the fan down and reinstalling it. If the fan was not properly secured when it was installed (it was mounted to an existing electrical box), the fan could have loosened the screws/nails holding the box to the rafter/ceiling which could cause the fan to wobble and fall. When installing ceiling fans I always use one of these braced boxes. They have some that are for new work, or where you have access to the attic. They also make ones for old work, where you can put the brace up through the hole and tighten it down until it bites into the rafters.
What is the purpose of a sump pump? If you have a sump pump in your house/basement, does it mean you have (or potentially could have) a flooding problem?
What is the purpose of a sump pump? Yes, generally you'll have a sump pump if the water table could reasonably rise to the level of the bottom of the basement. The sump pump is most often used in combination with a drainage system around the foundation that directs water into a "sump pit". The sump pump then pumps water out of the sump pit once it rises to a certain level. If you have city sewer service, the water is usually pumped into the sewer system. If not, it's usually just pumped up through a PVC pipe and out into the yard.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Can figure out how to open it. Maybe somebody has a similar one.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Try turning the glass and see if it has hooks that hold it in place (kind of like how a smoke detector hangs onto that plate on the ceiling).
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Might be clips around the perimeter. Try running a butter knife or some kind of shim around the outside to see if you hit anything: if you do try poking in on it.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Cleaning and tightening will probably do the trick, if not some blades have a bit of adjustment in them. Failing that... One time I left the fan on in my parent's cabin for six months after I had a party there. When we got back it was still going but vibrating like it had a missing blade. My dad, bless his heart, just rolled his eyes and told me to deal with it: he'd only get mad at me if I couldn't fix it. I tightened everything I could but it didn't help. Finally I tried taping a rock to the top of each blade in turn. I tried each blade: the third of four seemed to cut down on the vibration a bit. So I started taping pennies to to that blade. At around 10 pennies the vibration was minimal. Couldn't get it better than that, but it was good enough that my dad said "Ok, don't be such an idiot next time" instead of walloping me.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Mine has spring-loaded clips shaped something like this: The glass cover hooks onto the base of the clip, and when it's all assembled, the lower wide spots pull the glass cover up firmly against the surround. To open it, I have to pull down firmly on the glass (there are a couple of indentations on opposite sides to give you a grip) to get past the resistance of the first wide part of the clips. Once it's down, the glass hangs from the second wide parts, about an inch below the surround. Then I just undo one of the clips to get at the bulb.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? On some fans, the metal arms that hold the blades have some bend in them. I've balanced fan blades by just bending them slightly up or down and doing a lot of trial and error. Just be careful not to break them.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? Most new fans comes with a balance kit. It includes a heavy clip and a set of stick-on weights. If you don't have the balance kit you can buy one at a big-box home improvement store. First, run the fan at each speed to see where it wobbles worst. Put the clip on one of the blades near the middle and run the fan at that speed. Check if the wobble improves or worsens. Repeat the process with each blade, and narrow it down to the blade that gives the most improvement. Now, try moving the weight towards the tip of the blade and down to the hub, testing each time you move to locate the sweet spot. Finally, attach the weight at that sweet spot.
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan? There are two reasons to insulate hot pex pipes: Keep them hot in cold temperatures Keep them from heating up cold pex pipes When we ran our pex, we were very careful to keep the hot and cold pipes from touching, so #2 wasn't an issue. In my climate, I was more concerned with keeping the cold pipes from freezing and insulated them, particularly where they were near the exterior of the house or where they crossed near a cold air intake/vent.
Do above counter bowl sinks require special cabinets? I am currently renovating a bathroom. In the process, I'll be replacing the ugly 1970s vanity with a new craftsman style cabinet, solid surface countertop, and two above counter glass bowl sinks. However, I am getting a bit concerned about the sink height, as the sink will no longer be set into the vanity. How is this typically dealt with? Standard height cabinets? Special cabinets that are lower/designed for these sinks? Something else?
Do above counter bowl sinks require special cabinets? Maybe the outer ring comes off first? Either twist or pull down to release clips. Then you could get at the light cover.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? Background: We have about 1500 feet of unfinished basement that I am contemplating finishing off into a "grandma suite". Before getting serious about the project, however, I would like to play around with some layouts. My first thought was to download the 30-day trial of AutoCAD LT. But surely there must be some software that's better suited to a casual user, and doesn't cost $1200. Right? What are some affordable alternatives to AutoCAD for people who need to use drafting software very infrequently?
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? There is a question on WebApps for web applications to do this.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? It's not 2D, but have you considered Google Sketchup? It has a bit of a learning curve, but can be quite powerful. And of course it is free.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? They're typically used on standard height cabinets, but have the effect of making the bowl higher. Here's another question that deals with bathroom vanity height.
What is an affordable 2D drafting software for amateurs? The best thing to do is not to have it drain under the patio -- when you change the moisure content of soil, it can compact differently, or wash out, both of which could cause the problems you're seeing. If you can, change the drain there so you're using non-perforated pipe, and run it out further to a drainage field past the bricked area. The problem is, you want to compact the soil for the patio, which will reduce the air voids in the soil, making it less permeable and not drain as well, making the french drain less effective. As it's bricked, if you slope it away from the house, you'll reduce the amount of water absorbed in that area, which should hopefully eliminate the need for a french drain to collect the water to take down to a drainage area. If you want to get the best compaction of your soil, dig some if it out, then compact the soil, then add a few inches back in, compact again, then repeat until you're out of soil. Then repeat for the base pack, check it for level and then start laying your pavers.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? I am currently remodeling my office, a converted formal dining room, and I am stuck on what material to use for the desktop. Currently I have a 1" thick Cherry Veneer particle board that is 6' wide x 30" deep. I want to increase the depth slightly (I like to rest my elbows on the desk while gaming) and am finding it hard to decide on a good material for a 36" depth that has an attractive finish. I would be happiest with a black veneer on the top (non-shine). Any suggestions, or even places to purchase or order in Orange, CA would be awesome. I am not shy in building one either, if anyone has any suggestions on the construction of a strong top.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? There is also Autodesk Homestyler (beta). I have not used it and it looks like a competitor to Google Sketchup (so not 100% 2D) but looks like it might give you want you want when laying out your basement.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? Have you looked at getting some thick particle board and laminating on a veneer yourself? That will be less limiting in your color choices than trying to find pre-finished tops.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? If the vanity is so small that it just supports the bowl but with no usable countertop, then the vanity is often lower than standard by 8" or so. But if there is usable space on the counter than it's more important to have that work space (shave space?) at a comfortable height than it is to have the top of the sink at a standard height.
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? If you want to build your own you would need to use a hard wood such as oak, cherry, or walnut. You would then join all of the suitable length pieces together to give you the width you want (36" allowing for a little extra for milling). Then you would cut it to size and sand and finish it. Although this would take some learning/knowledge and also a fair bunch of new tools :).
What material should I use for a custom, do-it-yourself desk for my home office? Particle board or some form of fiber board or plywood will eliminate the issues you might have with solid wood warping. If you veneer the top surface, you should veneer the bottom as well to avoid the veneer warping the board if it shrinks or expands on only one surface. Remember to treat the top and bottom the same (varnish, oil, or other). Another thing that helps reduce warping is strips or batons. When screwed through slots in the batons into the underside of the desktop, it will allow the top to expand and contract, yet still be held flat.
Are there solar lights that can be put inside existing lamps? We've got lamp posts in the garden that we're fond of, but the electrics were not very well installed (by the previous owner I might add). I've disconnected the electrics and would like to put a solar bulb or mass of LED lights inside the lamp houses with the charger discretely stuck in the ground nearby. Are there lamps I can buy online or in the UK that would be suitable? If none are suitable, I might create a birds nest of an LED string of lights inside the lamp housing. Would that provide enough light?
Are there solar lights that can be put inside existing lamps? There are many factors to take into consideration when talking energy efficiency and comfort. Your comfort level may like a house at 69F in the winter, but other members of the household may feel "chilled to the bone". Also, the quality and efficiency of the insulation in each region (outer walls, door seals, attic/roof insulation, etc) will have a direct bearing on any energy efficiency values. Another factor to consider, which recommendations usually take for granted, is what is the usage of each floor, and are both floors above ground or is it a 1st/main floor and a basement? For example, if the upstairs contains only rooms which are used primarely in the evenings and at night, they can typically stay a little warmer during the day in the summer, since the majority of the time isn't spent there, just as keeping a living/media room warm overnight in the winter typically isn't necessary... unless there is a reason to (plants, temperature sensitive equipment, etc).
What are some good downspout options for a brick house? I need to replace the gutters and downspouts on my house, and I'd like to know the best approach. The house is 100 year-old clay brick house. The old gutters were aluminum and used downspouts that sat on hooks embedded in the brick (with a series of notches on the back of the downspout), and were held against the house by pressure from the gutters at the top and being sleeved into pipes that run to the sanitary sewer main at the moment (we appear to be grandfathered into the system, but yes I know that's bad). The gutters were pulled off and damaged by a snow storm, but most of the downspout parts are intact. One of the pipes that runs to the sewer is collapsed so we need to use a different system to remove the water from the base of the house at that corner. I'd rather NOT put new holes in the brick if I don't have to, but all the local home improvement stores seem to see plastic gutter systems that use different mounts (brackets that wrap around the downspout to hold them against the house). If I look around are there likely to be places that might have parts for aluminum gutters? Is trying to rebuild a system like we had the best idea or should I replace with something different? If I did switch the gutters, is there a gutter system out there that might work with my old brackets so that I don't have to put new holes in the walls?
What are some good downspout options for a brick house? While I haven't build a space like you're describing, I have helped users of them and seen their designs. If you are just trying to build a space that would allow the wheelchair user to shower, there are a number of products that are designed to make this relatively easy to install. A quick search yielded the link above, but I'm sure there are other options out there. These are less elegant looking than most true wet rooms, but can be highly functional. During college I assisted a user of a shower like that, who thought they were relatively well designed except that the controls were not in a location a seated person with restricted arm movement could easily reach (something to keep in mind however you build it). If you're building a larger space you'll need to grade most of the floor, particularly the area around the shower to avoid water pooling away from the drains or flowing toward the door. This article has some thoughts to keep in mind when designing the space. You can make a raised edge near the shower that a wheelchair can get over just make sure you don't make it too hard to get over. I've also seen spaces designed with a ridge that runs across the room that didn't cause problems for wheelchair users, but caused water to run toward one of two drains in the floor. The advantage of grading the entire floor as I understand it, is that you always control where the water is going, instead of hoping it stays put. This can be problematic of people with balance issues if you're not careful.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Two closet doors in my house won't close all the way. When they are about 85% closed, it stops because the top of the door is rubbing up against the frames. It looks like I need to move the door down about 3-6 inches a half inch. The doors are hollow except for about a foot on the top and bottom. I want to avoid having to take the door and hinges off and redoing the hinges. Is there anyway I can avoid that? A step by step would be very helpful, even if there is no way to do it without moving the hinges.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? I can't believe 3-6 inches is correct. Maybe 3/16 of an inch? (even that is pushing it). The easiest way to fix this is to take the door down and trim a bit off the top of the door. I'll usually just run the door through my table saw to trim it down, but a power planer would probably work better if you have one. Otherwise a hand planer will work too, but could take a while. Be careful how much you trim off though. You say the door is hollow except for about a foot at the top and bottom, but if it's like most hollow core doors these days, it's probably more like an inch at the top and bottom.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? If you're having the same problem I had, and it's a case of rubbing but the door could be forced closed (so it's just slightly off), I just made a note of where it was rubbing with a bit of crayon (wipes off easily), then took a small hand plane to shave down that area slightly. Unfortunately, I also made the mistake of passing off the plane to my house mate, who wasn't familiar with its use, and he ended up taking a chunk off of his bedroom door. I have no idea how he managed to do it. So, for using a plane -- you want long strokes, and try to shave the door off -- if it gets caught and starts splitting the grain, stop, move back further, and then lightly shave down past where you had the problem.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Rather than a slope, consider a little bit of a lip. You'll need to consider who it is in a wheelchair, but if they can make it up a small bump, then add a higher threshold, and trim the door to give the necessary clearance. You might also consider a bit of weatherstripping or similar, so that water can't easily get through the gap under the door. (it doesn't need to seal that well, it can just be a small plastic flap on the inside of the door that comes down to meet the edge of the threshold.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? You could maybe buy some cheap solar lamps, and tear them apart to use guts to replace your existing lamps, but my guess is you're going to have trouble mounting the solar panels somewhere that doesn't look goofy. If you mount them away from the lamp itself, then you're going to have to run wiring (and as you said, that was not done well and has been disconnected). If you're willing to run new wiring, then you can definitely use low voltage LED bulbs, where you just need low voltage cable that goes back to a transformer somewhere (or battery + solar panel) - this is much easier and safer to install than high voltage cable (where you pretty much need to run it in a conduit anywhere underground).
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? On some TV show I was watching, they showed the cleanup of a house with a severe mold problem. The procedure was to strip everything back to the studs and subfloor and clean with a media-blaster. Instead of sand, they used small dry ice pellets. It basically took off the top layer of wood from the studs and rafters. Since it was dry ice, there was no cleanup except the sawdust. You are probably looking at doing something like this, and it won't be cheap.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Is there some particular reason not to put new holes in the bricks? My first inclination is to just drill new holes, and secure the spouts properly - after all, they did come off during a snow storm. Do you have pictures of the existing mounts? Perhaps there is a way to retrofit something onto the existing hooks but still use a modern downspout.
How can I fix a door that doesn't close because it doesn't fit the frame? Besides cleaning and swapping fan blades, check to make sure it the down rod with the ball (if you have one) is properly seated in with the slot in the down rod ball with the tab in the bracket that goes to the fan box. Your box is attached to a stud, right? Check to make sure your box did not come lose from the stud. This all will require you to take some or part of the fan down.
Would putting a sprinkler on my roof help cool my home? Anyone ever put a sprinkler on your roof to help out your A/C on unusually hot days? Just wondering if it helps.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? We recently moved into a new home with central vac. The vacuum unit is in the garage, as is typically the case, and seems to be in good working condition. I cleaned the "bucket" underneath and made sure the grid inside is free of dirt/lint etc. It seems to me the suction when actually using the central vac system is not quite as powerful when compared to a regular vacuum. I can understand that the system is much "bigger" i.e lots of air in the pipes and much longer distance for particles to travel. Is it expected that the suction should not be as strong as regular vac or am I dealing with a blockage or perhaps under spec vac?
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? The central vacs I've used have been more or less the same strength. If there's a remarkable difference, if it's really under-powered, then there's something wrong - either a blockage or too-small vac. But if it's nearly the same strength, just a little weak, there's probably nothing wrong.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? Perhaps kitchen worktop is the way to go - plenty of choices in finish, thickness and size. Durable and hardwearing, too.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? Seems like it would be a bit wasteful and not that efficient. I'd imagine being on the roof, ambient temperature is much less of an issue then the constant sun exposure just baking the unit. Like when I get in the car here in TX sometimes, ambient temperature is in the 90s but the car baking in the sun says its 110+. If it were parked in the shade, it would read the normal temperature. So I would think focusing on blocking as much sun as possible would be the best solution. I'm picturing some sort of open sided mini roof structure, almost like a little car port over the unit or a well ventilated little shack built up around it. These are just random crazy ideas of my own though, never heard of this issue nor a solution for it. EDIT This is under the assumption the AC unit is what you are trying to cool, if it is the temperature of the roof you are wanting to reduce, I'd encourage considering @Vebjorn Ljosa's and @Jeff Widmer's answers over a water cooling solution.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? I think you will just waste a lot of water compared to the cooling effect that you get. A better way to cool the roof is to change its color. A roof with a clean, smooth bright white surface can reflect about 85% of incident sunlight and emit thermal radiation with 90% efficiency. This surface will be only 9°F warmer than the outside air on a typical summer afternoon. For comparison, the surface of a standard gray roof that reflects only about 20% of incident sunlight will be 69°F warmer than the outside air. See http://coolcolors.lbl.gov/. Some buildings in California are now required to have light-colored roofs in order to reduce energy consumption for cooling.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? I'm going to assume that the vaccuum was sized to the house, so it's not under-spec, although poor maintenance might mean that it's underperforming. I'd suspect one of three things -- a blockage, a poorly performing pump, or a leak in the system. If it's a blockage, unless it's right near the pumps, you'd have some areas with good pressure, and others past the blockage with poor pressure. (and the pump would be straining to keep up). You might be able to map out where a blockage might be by determining which ports have good suction, and which ones don't. If it's a poorly performing pump, it's difficult to diagnose, but you might try listening for sounds of a straining motor and/or any odd smells. (I'm not so good in this field, so can't really say much more, a bad seal could cause just as bad as a problem, and I don't know if there's a good way to test for that.). If it's a leak somewhere, the whole system won't be able to come pressure, so you'll have poor pressure everywhere. There might be additional dropoff at the leak if you were to try to map out which ports have worse suction than others, but as the suction is poor to start with, and some dropoff is standard for a pressuried system, it might be difficult to identify. You might be able to better pinpoint a leak by intentionally clogging up the line, if it's run as a line with multiple ports off of it, rather than them all branching from one point. You'll need a two-way radio, baby monitor, or something similar. Put the transmitting end near the pump, and carry the receiving end with you. Open up the port, and intentionally block the tube on the side heading towards the pump. If there's no leak in that section, you should hear the pump straining. Luckily, leaks are unlikely (unless perhaps if you've had an earthquake in that area), because I have no clue how you'd go about actually repairing it without tearing out the walls.
How does central vacuum suction compare to regular vacuum? I buy replacement parts for my appliances online. The best source I've found so far is http://www.repairclinic.com/ I don't work for them, nor do I get referral fees, etc. Off the top of my head I can remember purchasing a replacement valve for my dishwasher (~$15,) sealed glass cook top for a range (~$110,) and an oven door handle for same range (~$25) All these prices seemed very reasonable. Just make sure whomever you use has pictures of the parts online so you can match them before ordering, and a good return policy if you do end up ordering the wrong one.
How do I clean the oven really well? I need to clean my kitchen's oven really well. It is electric, has a "grill" element on top, and a fan behind a grating which, apparently, cannot be removed. I tried with the spray products for ovens but I cannot reach every part of it, and I always have the sensation that I'm not cleaning, I'm just detaching oil but even after removing it with paper and cleaning more with alcohol, the oven stays oily anyway. Do you have any hint on how to clean it as close as brand new, and what are the precautions to keep (if any) in order not to ruin the grill element ?
How do I clean the oven really well? Alcohol isn't the best solvent for grease. You're better off using dish soap in water. A toothbrush is handy for cleaning hard to reach crevices and grates. I'm surprised the grate doesn't come off. Look for clips along the edge (feel with a shim), and gently try to pry it off from the edge: many are just a friction fit. You can try calling an appliance parts store with your brand and model: they'll have a manual so can tell you how to get the grate off.
How do I clean the oven really well? Check all the cover plates to make sure they seal correctly when the vacuum is running.
The carpet on my stairs is worn. Should I repair it or just remove it? In our house the second floor and the stairs to them have carpet over top of old hardwood floors (installed by previous owner). The carpet is wearing out, particularly on the stairs where it has come untacked in a couple places so that when you go up or down them the carpet will at times slide forward creating a hazard we need to deal with. We can see under the carpet in a couple places and the floor looks okay, but not great. Does it make more sense to remove the carpet and risk the condition of the floor underneath or try to tack the carpet back in place? What would be involved with retacking it down? If the finish on the original floor is in poor shape, is it a problem just to leave it alone (assuming no splinter hazards)? Finally, if we remove the carpet, what will we need to do to remove the tacks and other carpet related things from the floors?
The carpet on my stairs is worn. Should I repair it or just remove it? I love hardwood floors, so I would rip the carpet out and re-finish the hardwood if it wasn't in good condition. If it's not, you can always put new carpet down.
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? In Michigan, there is a service called Miss Dig for identifying buried utility lines. We've just moved from Michigan to New Hampshire, and we would like to know where our utility lines are buried. What service should I call?
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? A list of "Know Before You Dig" services, by state, is available here: 811 Website For New Hampshire, contact Dig Safe Systems, Inc.
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? Easy Off is a great product for cleaning the oven - but if you're sensitive to chemicals I'd use a respirator and gloves. (That's what I do)
How do I get utility lines marked on my property? This question is really too localised, so this answer doesn't apply to all, but in Australia there's Dial Before You Dig on 1100
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? I live in a roughly-50 year-old apartment building and would like to renovate the bathroom myself. I've tiled and replaced sinks and toilets in the past, but I'm unsure about replacing the tub and shower fixtures (knobs, spouts, etc.). Will I be able to shut off water to the tub without needing to shut off water in my whole line of apartments? I can find a [third] valve underneath the neighboring sink that appears to control the hot water flow to the tub, but no clues about the cold water.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? If this is for a building with windows that open, I'd think instead about sprinklers/lawn/misters at ground level - my house has no A/C but we get a reasonable north-south breeze, and if I turn on the sprinklers on the north side of the house and open the windows, there's a noticable cooling effect. In high desert country, it's not unusual for restaurants with outdoor seating to install mist delivery systems to cool the outdoor areas during the hot parts of the day. Ultimately, the value of evaporative cooling is going to depend a lot on the relative humidity in your location - where the air is dry, evaporative cooling works nicely. If you are in a humid location, there's already plenty of moisture in the air, so you're not going to get much evaporation, and correspondingly not much cooling. I have heard of people using roof-mounted sprinklers as a last line of defense in high fire danger areas - not sure how well it really works.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? I'd go ahead and pull it up and see what you've got. It sounds like it's in pretty poor shape so you're going to have to get rid of it either way. Depending on how the carpet was installed you'll probably find tack strips that look something like like this: You might also find staples -- I don't know if this is common but our installer used a staple gun in some troublesome spots. Most if not all of the staples will probably be pulled out when you rip out the carpet. Before removing anything, take a look at the hardwood stair treads and make a preliminary decision about whether you think they're in good enough condition to leave exposed. If they're really rough and/or you want to recarpet, leave the tack strips in place and hammer in the staples. If you do want to leave the stairs uncarpeted, you can just remove the tack strips, being careful not to damage the floor underneath. For minimal damage I'd recommend this type of prybar available at box stores for ~$14: Use a hammer to tap the pointy claw end (like you would hammer a chisel) under the head of each nail holding the tack strip down, then pry up the nail enough that you can get your hammer's claw under it to pull it out. No tools ever need touch your stair tread.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Related to @Vebjorn Ljosa's answer, you could also install solar panels on your roof. Check out an organization called One Block Off the Grid (http://1bog.org/) if you are interested in putting solar panels on your own roof. 1Bog will help with getting a local contractor and depending on the state you live in, you could end up selling your energy credits back to other businesses for extra money.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Good windows are very important in New England. Growing up in an old house in New Hampshire I can tell you first hand that you can feel the heat getting sucked out the windows. Now technically I don't know much about what makes a window energy efficient, but I do know that people who do know a lot about it give them an "ENERGY STAR" rating. Home Depot will let you filter by windows that have this rating, then you can sort by price. This doesn't answer your entire question but will give you two of you're bullet points (cheap + energy efficient). If you happen to live in Massachusetts you can give the people at http://www.masssave.com a call and they'll come down and give you a free energy assessment, which I would guess include windows. Finally, windows qualify for some of those government rebate programs. See: http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=tax_credits.tx_index
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? If the carpet is frayed, it will have to be removed anyway. You can then decide whether to put new carpet on or refinish the wood floor. Even if you end up hiring a company to sand and lacquer the floors, you can save hundreds of dollars by removing and disposing of the carpet, setting the nails, and doing any necessary repairs yourself. We removed the carpet from the stairs and several upstairs rooms. These were pine floors, but they had been carpeted at least since 1945 (dated by the newspapers used as carpet pads). The downstairs rooms have old (some perhaps a century) and quite nice pine floors, and we were hoping for the same in the rest of the house. While we are satisfied with the result overall, there were some disappointments: Two small holes where the corners of floor boards have split off. We placed furniture over them. Pieces of the floor had been replaced near old radiator leaks. For the most part it looks fine, but in one place a board had been replaced with plywood. A lot of sanding was necessary. I hired a company to do this. The floors now go up a few millimeters near the walls, where the machines sanded less. Even after sanding, there are holes from staples and nails, especially on the stairs. Boards joined in funny places, perhaps because the location used to be covered by a doorway.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? There would be a small door with a valve somewhere, either inside your apartment or elsewhere. If each apartment is metered separately, there will likely be a valve by the water meter. Even if the water needs to be shut off for the whole building, it will only be needed for a few minutes while you (or a plumber) removes the faucet and plugs the pipe, then again to attach the new faucet once you're done. Some states (e.g., Massachusetts) require that most plumbing work be done by a plumber. Call your local building department.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Have you checked whether it has a self-cleaning mode? It can help burn off spots that you're not able to scrub off.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Ikea sells desk tops separately from the legs, perfectly suitable as building materials for your DIY super desk. They are reasonably priced and available in many sizes and finishes. There are several stores in the greater L.A. area.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Given that it's an apartment the plumbing would most likely have to be done by a licensed plumber, check with the landlord/building manager and local government. In some places the work can be done by anybody, but must be inspected at different stages by a licensed professional and/or the local government.
Will I be able to replace the tub and shower fixtures in my [apartment] home myself? Take into consideration the expected users of the bathroom (not just current but future). It sounds like this is probably your master and so will be focused on adults, so the raised height should be fine. If this is a common area bathroom or connected to a secondary bedroom, even if you don't have children, you want to consider visitors and future re-sale so keeping the sink level at standard height would be best.
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? My apartment's buzzer has stopped working. I can use the intercom and buzz people in but if someone presses the button outside I hear nothing. What's likely the problem here and how can I go about fixing it?
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? I would report it to maintenance/landlord, it isn't something you installed to the unit so it isn't your responsibility to repair it. Plus, the issue isn't even necessarily at the end in your unit, there could be a problem with the button at the front door, wiring issue between, etc. Typically to test wiring issues you need access to both ends as you will need to loop one end and test conductivity from the other. Aside from if the buzzer device itself went out, I'm not sure what you could fix on just your end, and that would require a part replacement that you don't need to pay for.
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? Plant an oak tree, wait 10-20 years, shade created, problem solved!
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? 811 is the universal number for all US states. Canada has different numbers. Listing here
How do I go about fixing an apartment buzzer? I recently used DAP All-Purpose Stucco Patch. It comes in a tube too so you can just attach it to your caulking gun. It needs to be painted over. You need to repair those cracks so water does not get in and DAP will seal it along with a coat of paint. You'll need a plastic spreader to spread the mix.
Hanging an interior door I reversed the doors to my bedroom (they're small "french" doors I guess but they don't have glass or open to the outside like normal french doors) so they open out instead of in (the room is small despite the big door opening). Come to think of it there was a door missing when we bought the house (yes, it's been over a year and I'm just getting to fixing this door problem) so I had to buy a new one and it wasn't an exact match for what was there before so there is about a 1 inch gap between the doors that I figure I could fill in with a piece of wood and some sanding. Anyway . . . after reversing the doors and hanging the new door the gap between the doors is different at the top than at bottom. I know that means something isn't level but I checked it with my four foot level before I attached the door frame and everything was fine. Any tips to hanging interior doors? It looks so easy on TV!
Hanging an interior door I'd recommend look at the Low-Emissivity and Argon glass types. I recently installed them in my house. They are a little more expensive than regular windows, but they save on cooling and heating costs. My Low-E windows are double paned. Also, look at good insulation and caulking on/around your windows.
Can I use a swamp cooler to cool an AC unit's condenser? Swamp coolers work great and use a fraction of the electricity of an air conditioner in a dry climate with little humidity (like Phoenix) but there are downsides like mold and, well, everything feels wet in your house. Dry cool air is more comfortable than wet cool air. Why don't the condenser units of a split system AC use water in some way to cool the condenser? Is it because the moist air would cause corrosion faster and the savings in electricity would be lost to the fact that you'd have to replace the unit? How do AC units in climates like Florida last more than a few years since it's humid all the time there?
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? How often do you need to run a bleach and water solution through the condensate drain lines (of a heat pump) to keep the bacteria away? What are the recommended parts (e.g. 1 part bleach, 10 part water)?
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Check your level to make sure it's accurate. Place it on a level (or nearly so) surface like your kitchen counter. If the surface isn't exactly level then note the direction and degree to which it's off. Then spin the level around end for end, without flipping it over. The bubble should either be in the middle if it started in the middle, or it should be off by the same amount in the same direction as before (that's direction relative to the room, not relative to the level). If that's not the case then your level is off and should be replaced. It shouldn't be much harder than it is on TV, which is what makes me think your level is out of calibration.
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Did you check the frame again after hanging the doors? Could be that the frame wasn't securely attached to the studs and the weight of the doors is causing the frame to pull out slightly. Also, maybe too late for this now, but you mentioned that the old frame was about an inch wider than the new one. That seems a bit strange. Is that the rough in dimensions, or the finished frame dimensions? Usually the rough in is a couple inches or so wider than the actual door frame dimensions to give you some room to plumb things up with shims. So if you had a 48" door set, the rough in width would be 50" - 48 for the door, 1 more for the frame, and 1 more for shimming.
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Don't know the names off the top of my head, but I see all kinds of "DIY" room planning/drawing tools on the $9.99 shelf at places like OfficeMax.
How often should I run a bleach and water solution through condensate lines? Take the 4 foot level and check that the frame on both sides is still plumb when the doors are hung, then place the level on the edge of the door to check if the doors are hanging plumb. make sure both doors are square, using a T-square. Previous owners may have plained/sanded the doors to account for less then plumb door frames. Make sure all the hinges are mounted to the same depth. If one of the hinges is not in line with the other, it can cause the door to not hang properly.
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? My guess is that a long time ago there was a fire in part of our house and what was the top storey was capped and the floor replaced with thick slabs of concrete. This was then sealed over with bitumen and left as a flat roof, with traditional pitched roofs on either side. Now, however, it seems something is failing and the roof has started to leak. It's always pooled water on the top to half an inch or so, but the last lot of heavy rain caused a stain on the ceiling underneath. That was easily redecorated, and I've made sure the drain to the gutter is properly free flowing now, but I don't want it to start again. What's a good way to seal this roof so that doesn't happen again? I've used flash-band to patch up a couple of obvious cracks in the bitumen but I'd rather have something more permanent.
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? I'm not a big fan of particle board. It's not all that strong and you need to paint it and make sure that if it gets scratched you fix it right away before any water can penetrate. The plastic veneer on top of the particle board from IKEA is strong and would work but doing it yourself isn't easy or fun. I like plywood with a nice maple or oak veneer with a solid wood border made to whatever thickness you want to see. You can paint it black but that would be wood murder. If you want to paint then get a cheaper plywood and edge it with Poplar (pine would work too but it's not much cheaper and it's softwood).
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? Probably not worth it. Considering how much the insulation costs (not to mention install costs though this is diy so that should be $0) I think it would take a long time to make up for the cost of water that goes down the drain to get to the hotter water from the tank and well as the cost to heat that extra water to a temperature that the insulated pipe water would have been. I would need (or technically, that guy from XKCD would need): water costs in your area Length and diameter of the pex from the tank to an average faucet average temperatures inside and outside your house and the percentage of the pex that is inside your house
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? Don't use alcohol to clean an oven. If your oven has a "self cleaning" mode, try that. It basically puts the oven on full blast (2-3x the normal baking temperature) and "burns" all of the crud out. Sometimes there will be some charred stuff behind that you have to wipe out after it is done (see #3). Because of the extreme temperatures involved, there is usually a safety latch on the oven door to lock out the self cleaning mode. Use oven cleaning spray. Easy-Off is the most popular example of this. You spray it on, wait a few hours, and then wipe it out with a damp sponge (follow the instructions). All of the crud in your oven will turn into a brown sludge that just wipes away. Be warned, oven cleaners are extremely caustic. Use rubber gloves, and don't rub your eyes while you are working. The fumes are nasty too. They have newer low-odor ones, but they can still make you gag. Option #3 will make your oven look shiny and clean. However, it takes a lot of manual labor to get it looking good. Might take more than one cleaning session.
What's a good way to seal a flat concrete roof? Looks like somebody makes a product that does exactly that. Seems the problem with spraying water directly into the unit is increased corrosion as you mention. To get around that, it looks like their product actually uses a kind of "wet bag" that surrounds the unit and cools the air as it is sucked through the bag.
How much cooling can I expect from a central air conditioner? Yesterday's high was 106.0F, low of 79.2F, full sun all day. AC set at 78F, indoor temperature reached about 85F. Today's high was 105.4F, low of 81.1F, full sun all day, now about 102 at 7pm. AC set at 78F all day, temperature climbed steadily through the day, and is now 89F. Is it reasonable to expect an AC unit to maintain 78F in this weather?
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? Many times we need to hire a contractor and try to extensively google for reviews on that contractor. Sometimes to no avail :( Just curious what web resources you use when trying to find a contractor? Be it a review site or some other method, what have you used in the past to identify the best person for the job?
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? I have used ServiceMagic (http://www.servicemagic.com/) in the past and been pretty happy with the results (I was able to find a good electrician through it), but that was along with checking up on the contractor through a Google search. I wouldn't just trust a ServiceMagic reference without being able to find some other proof of the quality of the contractor. I do not have a specific list but usually if the contractor has a quality website, business license, 800 phone number, etc. then they get some points toward being awarded my business.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? A properly functioning and properly sized central air conditioning unit should be able to maintain the temperature of your house at any reasonable temperature you select. The amount of cooling available is related to the size of the system, insulation in the house, and finally outside air temperature. From your description I would guess either you don't have a big enough compressor, or you don't have enough airflow through the house. It's also possible the cooling element in the system has become dirty and no longer transfers enough heat from the air into the element.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? The first thing to check is the return air filters. If they're dirty, your system won't be able to keep up. Also, if the coils are dirty or the refrigerant is low, you will not get efficient cooling. You can clean your condenser coils (the outside unit) yourself using a jet of water from a hose. Contact a service company to clean your evaporator coils, do a system check, replace refrigerant and do repairs. The amount of in and out traffic you have, shade trees, insulation, type of windows, etc., all play a part in how well your system works. It's been about 100 degrees F here the last couple of days and the thermostat is set at 78 and has had no problem maintaining that.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? I have the same filter location as referenced by Steve Armstrong. There is no slot for the filter but it is just held in place over the return duct by a metal arm. Here is the opening between the return and the blower: And here is the filter in place over that opening with the metal arm holding it in place: I would not have known a filter was supposed to go there if there hadn't been one there already.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? You could look into installing Thermoset Membrane roof.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? If your basement is really dry as you suggest, carpeting directly on top is fine. To test: Take a 1x1m sheet of plastic (garbage bag would do) and tape it to the floor making sure it's sealed all the way around. Leave it there for 24h at least and see if moisture appears at the bottom. If it's bone dry, you should be OK. We renovated our basement and based on the carpet installer's recommendation, went with a really good quality under-pad with berber carpet on top. You would never say that it was on concrete. The carpet is great under your feet and not cold at all. I believe the biggest factor is moisture. If it's not a dry basement, I would probably put a sub-floor in. I don't know if a moisture barrier is actually "good" as it could actually trap moisture under there that would accumulate over time. DryCore (subfloor) for example has channels underneath that eventually vent out on the sides. All concrete will release some moisture over time and I suspect a "breathing" carpet is probably better then something with plastic barrier with a 100% seal.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? As others have said, if the unit is properly sized for the house, and the insulation is good enough to keep the heat out, and there is enough airflow in the house, the A/C should be able to handle almost any temperature you set it to. There is a point where it gets so hot outside that air conditioners simply can't do anything to get rid of the heat (the outdoor coil temp equals the outdoor air temp). This is extreme though, >110 deg F. You're getting pretty hot, but shouldn't be at that point yet. (Most A/C units will have specs on this. You can try looking up some specs for it online.) You indicated the system is turning on and off, so I don't think it's your thermostat. How cold is the air coming out of your vents? If the system is working properly, it should be as cold as your fridge. If it isn't cold (not cool, cold), you have a problem. Look at the lines on the outdoor unit. Are they frosting up at all? Is there excessive dripping from your indoor air handler? If your lines are freezing up, turn the system off and call a service company. That means you are probably low on coolant, and running the system without will burn up the compressor. Other problems that would prevent cold air would be crud on the coil, or the fan on the outdoor unit not working properly. If the airflow is weak, then you have an airflow problem. Check the air filters in the system. Make sure your ducts aren't plugged somehow. Check for closed dampers or closed vents. Make sure a duct didn't pop loose somewhere (blowing air into the attic instead of out the vents). Make sure your air handler is blowing air.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? Based on the comments, I think you are talking about the condensation line from the air handler. For the condensate, you shouldn't need to worry about bacteria. It's not like you are drinking from it, and it doesn't form a pool of stagnant water in your system (unless it is plugged). You do need to worry if the condensation line gets plugged up, however. If so, it will back up and flood your basement/attic (wherever the air handler is installed). On a humid day, the system can extract quite a bit of water from the air. You don't want that on your basement floor. The water that drips through the lines is condensation, and therefore very clean. The water won't have any crud in it to deposit in the line. (Unless your air handler is filled with dirty air, then you have bigger problems.) Depending on where the other end of the condensation line leads, this might be a more likely entry point for dirt/scum. If it is outside near the ground, mud could splash into it, bugs could crawl into it, etc. Probably the easiest thing to do would be to attach a Shop Vac to the far end of the line and let it suck. You could also use an air compressor to blow out the line from the inside. Another option would be to pour some diluted drain cleaner (Draino) into the line, and then flush it out with the hose. Make sure you flush it throughly. You don't want the cleaner to sit in there and eat the pipe. Cleaning the condensate line shouldn't need to be done often. Once a year at most. Most people probably never clean theirs.
Best review sites/web resources for finding a contractor? It only really needs to be cleaned if it becomes blocked or restricted, if you notice a build up of algae or other such grossness you can flush the line with a 16/1 water bleach mix (making sure you clear the blockage first). After the water bleach mix I would flush the line again with straight water a day or two later, just to make sure the bleach and whatever it cleans is cleared out. As for how often. It really depends on your situation, keep an eye on it and if it starts to build up flush it again before it becomes blocked. If you find yourself cleaning it often (more than once a year), you may want to do some investigation to find the underlying cause.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? A good portion of the answers and discussion on this site references "code". What does a DIY-er need to know about code as it relates to project in their own home? Most of what I can find online either refers to commercial projects or third-party projects. Also, which code applies? For example, I live in Fairfax County, Virginia, in the USA. It would seem that there are at least 3 levels of code that might apply: Fairfax County Home Improvement Code State of Virginia Residential Code International Residential Code
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? You need to contact your local building department. In the U.S., most of the residential building regulations exist at the state level, but in many states the codes can be amended by counties and even individual towns. The International Residential Code and its competitors are "model codes." States often adopt model codes (with local modifications) to avoid the cost and hassle of writing their own codes from scratch, and also because it is beneficial for codes to be harmonized so that the same building materials can be used in different locations.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? I tend to pour a cup of bleach down the line once a month. Without that at least in Florida you WILL get an algae backup in the line, which if you have bad overflow sensor can cause all kinds of fun water problems. If it is already blocked, just pour the bleach and let it sit. Eventually enough algae will die and the block will clear itself out.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? Vebjorn explains it pretty well. Codes are generally set at a local level (state, county, or city) but localities don't usually write their own codes, they usually just adopt a particular year version of a national code (e.g. the National Electric Code). They make their own ammends to those codes as well though. Technically everybody is subject to whatever codes are adopted by their locality, but in reality homeowners can get away with pretty much anything they want on their own home. Of course following the codes is recommended for safety reasons and to prevent issues that may come up during an inspection at resale. As an interesting legal side-note to this, many of the national codes are actually copyrighted works. Because of this, you actually have to pay to buy a copy of the law in order to know what the law is. I believe that this technically violates the constitution as laws cannot be copyrighted, but most localities skirt that by having a copy of the code book on hand that you can stop by and read.
What "code" applies to projects that I do in my own home? I've used the Craig's List services section, but without much luck. I don't know if it my breath or something, but even people posting ads that seem desperate for work never return my messages.
Sealing pressure treated deck, to be stained later on I have just finished building a deck from pressure treated lumber. We've put the deck to use immediately and having all our meals on it. I'm worried about greasy food morsels staining the deck. My plan is to let the wood dry/age for 2-3 years before staining it. I've read that it is recommended to wait a bit for the wood to dry and change color before staining. I've also seen that there are detergents that can remove oil stains before the actual staining. But, is there anything I can do in the meantime to protect the wood from food stains? If I seal with a water/oil repellent seal, won't that prevent the actual stain from penetrating the wood properly?
Sealing pressure treated deck, to be stained later on Angie's List is a subscription-based review service for contractors and service providers.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? We have a basement flat and we suspect that the bathroom exhaust fans do not go anywhere, which causes a fair bit of damp in the flat which manifests itself as condensation on the windows in the winter. I'd like to fit an extractor fan, or at least some sort of vent to allow the air to circulate (this should help with the condensation shouldn't it?), but don't want to drill through the wall as there is a damp proof membrane in there. Can I fit something into the window, and how do I go about cutting a hole in the glass to accommodate it? I've seen those cat-flaps that are in the windows so I assume it must be able to be done...
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? Here are some reasons that you should follow the applicable codes, even if you could "get away with" not following them: Safety: Codes are written for a reason. They address real problems, and ignoring them can cause real issues. Liability: If someone visiting you property gets hurt because you didn't follow the codes, there is a big liability issue there, possibly even criminal liability if gross negligence can be proven. Resale: If work is not done to code, you may not be able to resell the property. Future work: If you have unrelated work do in the future, you may not be able to get the work approved if other parts are not up to code. On a related not, work is supposed to conform to the code at the time that it was done. If the code changes in the future, you do not have to redo anything. However, if major remodeling is done you may have to bring everything up to the current code.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? I would be concerned that sealing the deck now might create a major problem when it comes time to stain it -- I'm thinking big blotches of different shades caused by differing amounts of stain absorption as a result of the sealing. Whereas greasy food morsels will at worst be a minor problem that will likely be completely solved by the good cleaning you're going to give the deck before staining anyway.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? Does the window open? Or is it a fixed pane? If it opens (or if you can find one the same size that opens) you could install a window exhaust fan like this one that mounts in the window frame. That way you don't have to mess with cutting a hole in the glass. Another option would bet to place a dehumidifier in the bathroom.
Can I fit an extractor fan in a window? I disagree with @Mike - I don't think sealing it will have much effect on the stain. Two reasons: Deck stains are typically (I'm tempted to say always) pigment stains rather than dye stains. Those deposit pigment on the surface of the wood and penetration is minimal. A sealant shouldn't interfere with that. A sealant will typically be a penetrating sealant not a film sealant, so it shouldn't interfere at all with the adherence of the later stain. That said, I'm not sure you'll see much benefit from the sealant. Penetrating sealants will certainly give you a bit more time to clean up a spill but they won't prevent a stain: that's why tabletops are usually finished with a film finish, and if they're not, you use coasters and place mats. You wouldn't want to use a film finish to a deck because it will certainly peel in short order as the wood expands and contracts under rain and sunshine. I wouldn't bother. If food gets spilled and you're worried, scrub right away with soap and water. I'll wager you won't notice any minor food marks after the stain has been applied.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from a structural standpoint? For instance: Say you used screws instead of nails on a backyard deck, when the design specifically called for nails. Would the result be inferior? Could it fail inspection? Would nails absolutely be preferable in this instance? Assume the screws are at least as thick/long as the intended nails. Are there any rules of thumb about when to use screws vs. nails?
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? In Washington State (and most, if not all other states) Any homeowner with the proper permit(s) can perform work on their home - but the work is required to be done to the applicable code, inspected and signed off, just like a professional contractor. Just because you're DIY doesn't mean you get a break from being code compliant. So when you pull a permit, the work you do is required to be compliant to the spec at the time. e.g. electrical work permitted today is generally bound to the 2008 National Electric Code (aka NFPA 70). Work I did on my house in 1999 is compliant to the 1999 NEC, but if my permit says I went and made alterations to that work done 10+ years ago, I would still have to make any upgrades to meet the 2008 spec. The difficult part is knowing what or who is the governing authority or specification regarding the work you're doing. Calling your county/city building inspector should get you the right answers when there are situations where different code bodies offer ambiguous or conflicting information. Also just visiting the website for your city/county code enforcement office (mine does this) will have guidance on what work requires permitting and what doesn't require a permit.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Using a water cooled condensing units for refrigeration is not a new idea - large chiller units have been doing this for many years, but it's not as simple as hooking up a hose and letting er rip... there's a lot of additional maintenance involved with all the cooling water infrastructure - even a simple spray evaporation cooling system requires nozzle cleanings, pump maintenance and such pretty regularly. Home AC units don't really need the efficiency boost from evaporative cooling because the air cooled condensing unit(s) are efficient enough without introducing the complexities of water lines, spray bars and a drainage system for a small direct expansion system. If the condenser is not giving you the proper heat rejection - just upsize the heat exchanger... far cheaper and more reliable right? That being said, I have a window unit AC that takes the condensate and splashes it back on the condenser fins to boost efficiency, and I know there is a model of RV air conditioner which does the same thing. It is possible this feature has been added to DX condensing units - but I have been out of the HVAC world for some years now.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Not a website, but the best way I've found to find contractors is to talk to them at other job sites. If you know where any new houses are being built near-by, run over and talk to the contractors on site. They can show you their work and recommend others that they work with too.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Cordless Impact Driver The ultimate compliment to your cordless drill - it does everything my cordless drill sucked at doing! Drives in screws without mangling the fastener head (phillips head screws anyone?) Removes rusted/stuck items like you wouldn't believe (Read: no rounded out screws or rounded off nuts/bolts) Cordless Drill will not drive a 3" screw into a stud - Impact Driver doesn't break a sweat. Compared with cordless drill, much less torque transferred to your wrist makes it more comfortable to operate
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Technically when using joist hangers, a specific kind of hardened galvanized nails are supposed to be used. This is because regular deck screws probably don't have the necessary shear strength. For a deck though, I've used screws before without any problem. Although if you were planning to put a lot of weight on the deck (say, a hot tub) I would be a bit more concerned about that. Aside from that, I can't think of any other places where screws would be a problem.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Screws would tend to be slightly thicker than nails (because of the threads) so you would probably want to watch out for splitting of the wood and might want to require drilling pilot holes if you switch to screws. For the most part though, screws would work better than nails in the long term (would not pop up over time) but would be harder to use (pilot holes, snapping, etc.) during the installation for your backyard deck. BUT if you have some sort of project that is supplying the nails/hardware then I would be cautious about swapping out one sort of hardware for another. The pre-supplied product could have been specially chosen for the job and so you would not want to go and swap it out because you think it is better to have screws. One such example would be some wooden playsets where all of the hardware is supplied... make sure you use what they give you (and what the engineers said will work).
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Without a picture of your fireplace, I couldn't tell for sure, but I would look in to fire brick. It is a near perfect insulator since it is a light brick with lots of air bubbles (air insulates). Check here: http://www.google.com/products?q=fire+brick&um=1&ie=UTF-8&ei=8n1YTJmlCd6Knwf7hZS2BA&sa=X&oi=product_result_group&ct=title&resnum=1&ved=0CDIQrQQwAA ..or at a local fireplace store.
Is there a case where nails are better than screws, from an engineering/structural standpoint? Aside from the kitchen, I would say the bathroom is one of the most likely places for things to catch fire. You have: Water and electricity (never a great combination). Curling irons and hair dryers (often cheaply made & get very hot) Lots of flammable things (paint, wallpaper, drywall, cabinets, towels, etc.) Things that go boom (hair spray, air fresheners, other aerosols)
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Is it sufficient to rest joists on joist hangers or should you always toenail (drive screws/nails at an angle through the joist). And does the toenail have to drive into the ledger or just hold the joist on the joist hanger?
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Screws are a "superior" fastener over a nail (they have far superior tensile strength) - especially if you're talking about screwing down decking. However there are many scenarios where a nail is the proper fastener for the application (attaching joists is one example - screws are brittle and will fail when subjected to the forces of a shear loaded application) Using your deck example - you should use nails to attach the joists to the deck framing but use screws to fasten down the decking itself. Also keep in mind that screws take a longer time to install - think of a nail gun versus a drill...
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? I would always use at least one toenail to prevent the joist from shifting around on you (either while you are working or later due to warping) It's better to run the toenail into the ledger, but just attaching it to the joist hanger is fine too. Face nailing through the ledger into the joist works fine as well.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Always toenail . . . just resting it on the joist hanger means it could slip out. Some joist hangers have a place for you to nail though the hanger, into the joist, and then finally into the ledger.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? I lived in a condo built in the early 50's with a super cool looking chrome bathroom exhaust fan. The original motor finally died after 54 years of service... so I went looking for a replacement fan/light unit. Unfortunately I was unsuccessful as well since the original fan housing is not the "standard" (read: newer) bathroom exhaust fan size. Anyway, I was able to find a replacement motor for the exhaust fan assembly and it worked beautifully. If the motor has any nameplate data on it - odds are you can probably find an equivalent replacement. I bought mine from this place Replacement Bath Vent Fan Motors - just remember it doesn't necessarily have to say "bath vent fan motor" in order to work, so long as the motor nameplate data (volts, amps, HP) are similar. Good luck!
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? SDS London sells them.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Online is generally the best way to procure parts, but sometimes going to the supply house is necessary to be sure you're getting the proper part(s), or you're under a time constraint. Plus they have all kinds of neat stuff inside those places - I always end up picking up extra items when I'm at Grainger, et al. I used to work for a large industrial controls manufacturer, I could walk into just about any industrial supply house, use the account set up for that business and just pay cash. That worked for years, even after I left that place of employment. Unfortunately I moved to a distant city, so that plan is now kaput. On the flip side you can use your own business, (or create your own "business" - business licenses aren't very expensive) and sign up for commercial accounts wherever you need. The counter people at those supply houses don't care if you work for One Dude Software Corporation or General Electric - only if your business info is in their database!
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Sure you can - just depends on how you want to attack the problem. You could either replace the window sash with a mount for the fan (removing the window itself - minus the frame and replacing it with finish grade plywood), or build a frame over the rear of the window and hang a fan from it. That way you don't actually need to cut the glass. Here's one example Here's another
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? See this article. For a quick temporary fix you can use a repair sleeve, or clamp.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? You should always nail your joists to the joist hangers, using the type and quantity of nails recommended by the hanger manufacturer for the type of hangers you're using. Double-shear hangers, the most common type, will have special nail holes designed to direct the joist nails at an angle through the joist and into the ledger or header. Typically you'll use 16d or 10d standard-length nails for the joists, and short 1-1/2" 10d nail for fastening the hanger to the ledger or header. Here's an image from Simpson's website of a properly installed double-shear joist hanger:
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? CO is dangerous as it has not odor, It is best not to take risks. You can place a gas water heater outside in a metal closet with the proper ventilation. This is much safer. I also currently have an electric heater, but when I put in gas pipes a couple of years ago, I put one outside so one day I can set up a gas heater in a safe way.
Is toenailing necessary for a joist-to-ledger attachment? Although both ways are advised by different sources, I have built dozens of decks in Maine as a contractor and have found that pressure treated and cedar boards almost always crown to the bark side and recommend the bark side face outward. Obviously this helps shed water and doesn't collect ice in pockets in the winter. Don't mix the methods as this can result in a very unattractive surface after a couple of years. Always be sure to use treaded fasteners, never galvanized common nails and be sure to sink coated screws or stainless steel ring shank nails. make them flush or slightly below the wood surface to eliminate tripping hazards or use under deck clip systems. If you find some boards that have a bad finish on the side you want to expose, don't use them! Bring them back and have them replaced. This may sound like a pain, but flawed wood with checks or cracks will degrade very quickly and ruin all the hard work you have done on that expensive deck. Don't forget to water isolate the ledger from the building and resist the temptation to use cheap waterproofing products. Often the details of construction in areas you can't see is as if not more important than the viewed surfaces. Good luck.
Geothermal Resources I am very interested in learning more about Geothermal solutions for my house. What are the best resources for learning about and planning a Geothermal systems for a residential house? Also, does anyone know any resources for DIY Geothermal solutions? I was kind of hoping to start by tinkering with a smaller scale system to maybe use along with my current HVAC system.
Geothermal Resources Talk to some local installers first. Unless you have a background in HVAC, I would say installing a geo is NOT a viable DIY project.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? I've always had the question of how much weight can a single screw into a drywall withstand? For instance, I would like to do things like this: It's hanged with 5 screws. The whole thing weights approximately 50kg (110 pounds) so we can say that each screw stands approximately 10kg (22 pounds). The person who installed it said it was fine, but is it really? Do somebody know a study or some numbers regarding how much weight this material can stand? EDIT: Just to clarify, it's not screwed to studs. It's screwed to the drywall.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? You can do things like this without relying on drywall only to support it. Find studs in the wall (buy a studfinder) and screw into them. While I don't know exactly how much one can hang on a screw in the drywall, I wouldn't hang anything on it. Drywall is an extremely brittle material. This means that even if something hangs on it just fine, a small shock (for example of a closing door) can spread cracks from around the tension points (screws). This means that with time the shelf will either drift down under its own weight, or most likely will fall off. In short: don't do it. I wouldn't hang a toilet paper holder just on the drywall.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? For hanging something that wide, you'll have at least a few studs behind it to anchor to. So it's not a matter of how much weight the drywall can hold. Anything heavy like a floating entertainment center should definitely be screwed into studs. I'd have to disagree with Rom though that a toilet paper holder needs a stud. Something light like that should be fine as long as you use drywall anchors rather than regular screws.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? I doubt there are filters on the individual returns, just at the main air handler return. I change filters every month (if I remember) because we live in the country and have dogs and cats. Sometimes there's a small drift of hair at the main return in the great room, which is a sign we need to sweep and reminds me to change the AC/furnace filter. What happens if you don't change your filter often enough is the fan motor burns out much sooner than it should, which will cost a 4 digit number to replace. Last time I replaced the whole furnace/air handler because it only cost $200 more than the fan motor parts.
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? There are several kinds of drywall anchors and they each have their own weight rating. Some work by drilling a small hole and tapping in a plastic sleeve and others work by drilling a bigger hole and screwing a plastic sleeve and there are others where you drill a hole and the metal butterfly expands behind the drywall know as molly bolts (thanks comments!). Recently I saw anchors where you drill a 1 inch hole in the drywall and this big contraption grips the inside of the drywall (wish I could remember the name). Anyway, each of the big drywall anchors could hold over 50 pounds! The positive response got me to go dig for those contraptions. Turns out they are made by Moen and they're called SecureMount. I have the Moen SMA3000 and they really are just a bigger version of toggle bolts (spring loaded metal wings that fold and have a long machine screw). I also found this useful link that has pictures and describes all the types mentioned (except the SecureMount of course . . . those are new and very much a niche product).
How much weight can screws in drywall withstand? It's always better to attach it to studs - which should certainly be possible with something that big. That said though, you might be surprised how much a drywall anchor can hold. How well they work depends on the load though. They will work best with a static downward load - a fixed weight close to the wall pulling directly downward. They will work much worse with loads that pull down and outward (like a shelf) or dynamic loads where the weight changes regularly causing the fastener to loosen up. Something like a toilet paper holder represents the worst of both worlds - it sticks out from the wall with the weight at the end, and you produce a dynamic load on it whenever you pull on the TP roll.
What is the recommended home design software? I am going to be finishing my basement. I would like to design the new basement myself using design software. What is the recommended home design software?
What is the recommended home design software? I'd start with the Wikipedia article on Geothermal Heat Pumps which is pretty good at giving the overview. It's a bit hard to do a 'small scale' system which you might expand later if you are laying pipe in the ground or in a pond. You probably don't want to do that twice. But an open system might give you a chance to play with the ideas. If you search around online there are a lot of DIY projects that can allow you to experiment with geothermal. Despite the the comments of others, it's not rocket surgery ;) You could build a small heat exchanger or put in a small open loop system in front of your existing HVAC and let the open loop geo system do most of the work and have the existing system only kick in if the temp gets out of bounds. What IS hard is DIY a system that will be efficient and save you money. Experimenting and understanding how geotherm works is a great project where you can learn a lot. But it's hard to beat the efficiency of commercial systems. It is a good idea to talk with local installers, but be careful of which ones you talk to. If they are not specialists in geothermal they may not have good info. Make sure they have experience designing and installing and then get info appropriate for your geography.
What is the recommended home design software? See this question. Google Sketchup seems to be a good option if you don't want to pay big bucks. Also, here's a tutorial for framing layout in Sketchup.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts I'm building a treehouse in a fully grown 50 foot tree that has four trunks (as it were) each of which is between a half foot to a foot in diameter. First, is this a good candidate for a small tree house (5x5 platform) that will be attached directly to the tree? If so, does anyone have any recommendations for supports in a configuration like that. I have some ideas but I wanted to get the opinions of people who have experience in contracting and even treehouse building.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts The Treehouse Guide is a pretty comprehensive resource. It covers topics from picking out the tree to building code adherence.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts There are powered gable vents you can install (cut a hole thru the side of the attic, or use the already provided gable vent) and they're fairly inexpensive. The best way to remove heat would be to use those small windows for makeup air and use a separate powered vent to exhaust the hot air. The previous poster has a good suggestion about setting up a PV panel to run the fan, but in order to get sufficient airflow through the attic you'll probably need a pretty large sized PV setup which can get prohibitively expensive. I've been researching them for my motorhome - the rough thumb rule seems to be ~1000 dollars per 100 watts of solar power (I added in costs for batteries and inverter since your home doesn't already come equipped) Even a smallish AC powered gable vent fan is going to pull 400 watts - so you can see how this gets expensive. There is a combination solar panel/attic vent kits which uses a DC motor but I'm not sure about the effectiveness. It seems to be rated fairly low in terms of air volume moved (800 CFM vs 1200-1600 for a 110v powered vent fan). Exhausting your attic will definitely save you energy as you're removing a huge heatload from your air conditioning - the superheated air in your attic.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts In the UK, "code" is the Buildings Regulations, available from here. In practice there's different levels of assessment required roughly corresponding to risk. For instance, work on gas installations and some electrical work must be performed by a qualified engineer. Similarly, while anyone can do structural work it needs to be inspected afterwards by the Building Control Officer of the local council. These regulations have teeth: not only legally, but it can be difficult or impossible to sell a house that has structural defects to anyone that needs a mortgage. (I had to have an installation of an RSJ inspected thirty years after installation by a previous owner when I sold a flat in Brighton.) Different more strict regulations apply to properties that are "listed" (i.e. considered of regional or national historic importance) or in a conservation district. Grade 1 listed buildings need to have permission granted by the council if you want to paint an interior wall, for example. See also the question on buildings regs versus planning permission, here.
Suggestions for treehouse platform support without posts Ideally you need a 2 zone HVAC system for your house if you're trying to maintain an upstairs/downstairs sort of temperature control scheme. This is definitely a good idea in terms of energy savings; you don't want to fully heat or cool those areas which aren't occupied. Several questions come up: Is there a fixed occupancy schedule for both areas? What is your primary concern - energy savings or comfort? Without a sophisticated HVAC controls system in place you're basically going to be tied to a time based control scheme, so you need to figure out when you're going to be upstairs vs downstairs and home/not home so you can modify your thermostat settings accordingly. Just as a rough guide - when setting up an office building we would tend to run the daytime temperature between 70-74 degrees and set back to 60-62 in heating season or 80-82 in the cooling season when the space was not occupied (night). Letting the building get any colder (or hotter) only made for excessively long AC or heating runs to get the space(s) up to temp. Even an unoccupied/unimproved tenant space is kept between 60-80 degrees to minimize the impact on overall building heating/cooling.
Where can I find a garage door (slot) mail basket? I'm looking for a place I can buy a garage door mail slot basket. I had one in my old (rented) house and I'm looking to install one. It should look something like the image below, and keep upright when the garage door is opening. This site was selling them, but as you can see on the top of their page, not anymore :( If you have a suggestion where I can buy the basket itself (need to have round edge to act as a hinge when the door opens) and assemble it myself, that would be a good start too.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? I want to install a pet door to allow my dog to let herself out. The door would run out onto a deck attached to the back of the house. On the wall connected to the deck, I have a sliding glass door and enough wall space that the pet door could be located in a bunch of different situations. So the question is, what would be the preferred location/installing method? In the sliding glass door itself? (Seems difficult if not impossible) In the wall next to the door, between studs? (Cutting through drywall, insulation, and the exterior wall/siding) In the wall centered on a stud? (Not sure how much this would differ from option 2) Once the hole is made, would you frame around it? Do they sell pet door designed for exactly this (vs placing in an existing metal or wood door)?
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? This guy crafted his own. This site sells mail baskets. You could always use a priority mail box and attach it with a few bolts and screws. Hot glue a dowel rod to the box and use the same type of clips to get the hanging effect.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? My in-laws have a sliding glass door pet door. The door fits inside the track of the door. It works well for them. Perhaps you should check it out: http://www.amazon.com/PetSafe-Deluxe-Panels-Sliding-Medium/dp/B000633RX8 It matches the height of the sliding glass door. The model they have has clear glass so you don't lose visibility. Other models may be completely plastic on the inside with an aluminum frame. It can be removed because it has a spring catch at the top which you use to fit it to the door. Imagine it cupping the upper track and you can slide it up/down with your hand. This is the least intrusive solution I think. Once installed, the sliding glass door butts up against the pet door insert so the dogs only go through the pet door. You can add strip insulation where the sliding glass door and pet door meet to reduce air from escaping.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? Looks like they do sell pet doors for that purpose. You can even pick the size. As far as installing it, I think the last thing you want to do is center it on a stud.
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? My advice: make friends with an HVAC guy. Just about any tinbender I knew would do a cash job on a Saturday for cheap :)
What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall? Going on the advice of a friend who used to teach carpentry, we painted the boards with a light coat of oil before building the forms. When we knocked the forms apart there was little concrete stuck on, perhaps 10% coverage. I let the boards sit and dry out completey then wacked them with a hammer, taking care of another %5 or so. After that a belt sander with coarse grit paper removed the remainder of the concrete and oil stains. The final result is boards that while not good as new are suitable for most applications (might not be paintable) and safe for power tools. We're using them for our deck joists.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? I have an unfinished basement, and I installed a redirector for my sump pump output so it can be drained to the sanitary sewer during winter months (and yes, I'm paying for the right to do so, and I'm following the rules :)). I installed a wye in the vertical drain pipe, and I needed a way of reconnecting said pipe after introducing the new fitting. To do this, I took a section of the 3" pipe, glued it to the top of the wye, and joined it to the original pipe with a Fernco fitting (specifically, this guy). The question: is it safe to leave the Fernco fitting in place and enclose it in a wall when I go to finish the basement?
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? Working to code and working under a permit do not have to be related. I always advocate doing work that meets or exceeds code, but many things in your own home do not require permits. However, most cities are not going to turn you down if you offer to give them money for their permission to work on your own home. Home Owners Associations can also have a say in what you can do to your home. Even if work is done to current code at the time, if code changes you'll usually have to include modifying a building to meet the new current code in any request for a work permit. There are still lots of buildings out there which need work or repair, but aren't getting them because code has changed. Accessibility features (ramps, elevators) are a common sticking point in commercial buildings.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? I would go with an in-wall installation - since you live in Fargo, you're likely to want the extra insulation it can provide. PetCo carries the Perfect Pet All Weather Series Insulated Pet Door and has a "wall kit" that boxes in the area of the hole. Something you might have to take consideration of, depending on the wildlife in your area, is that other animals may figure out how to use the door to get in your house. There are different types of electronic doors that you can get that have a tag you put on your dog's collar to allow them in and out. Our door is a more basic version of the PetCo one I linked above, but has a sliding panel on the inside that closes the pet door. Unfortunately, one of our dogs is afraid of the plastic flapper, so he won't use it.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? I'm not an expert, but it sounds like you have what we have at our house, so I'll say what I know (and/or can reference). From Wikipedia: "The forms are interlocking modular units that are dry-stacked (without mortar) and filled with concrete. The forms lock together somewhat like Lego bricks and serve to create a form for the structural walls or floors of a building." In other words, no wooden studs. Just plain ol' styrofoam. If you're able to look at the top part of the wall, you might actually be able to see the protruding Lego brick-like top part of the interlocking structure. This would also tell you just how thick the form is. While Wikipedia says the form bricks are dry-stacked, it wouldn't surprise me if there were a little adhesive used between them (it kind of seems like a good idea, but it's possible the form manufacturers recommend against that for some reason). As far as how they attached the drywall: just a bunch of screws, in our case. It's also reasonable to use adhesive in addition, as long as it won't eat through the styrofoam (or other material), of course. The styrofoam was actually surprisingly strong when I was drilling screws into it. Given that they used somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 screws on the 4' wide floor-to-ceiling sheet of drywall, I have no concerns about it coming down. There are electrical outlets and phone jacks on our ICF walls, and the lines and boxes are accommodated by carving out appropriate cavities. That creates another factor to consider when drilling into the ICF wall. Specifically: how straight are the channels that were carved out, and in which direction were they carved? Did they use nail plates along the route? Now, as far as attaching things to the wall securely is concerned... I doubt it would be equivalent to a stud in terms of support capacity, and I'm having trouble finding information on this topic online. If the drywall is attached directly to the ICF, you won't have any cavity behind the wall to place a spreading-type anchor, so those are ruled out. Of course, if you make the assumption that the wall is at least as strong as drywall on its own (indeed, I'd assume it's at least a little stronger), you can use a self-drilling drywall anchor (Lowe's has one branded "TOGGLER") and get plenty of capacity. Plus, you can use them in any location (excluding wire runs, as noted above) without worrying about hitting a stud after you've bored a giant hole in the drywall.
Is it a good idea to use a Fernco repair fitting within a finished wall cavity? There are solar-powered gable fans - an Air Vent-brand fan can be picked up at Lowe's for just over $200: The solar panel is on a cord, so it can be installed in the most sunny area while the fan sits in the gable. From the Air Vent website: The Gable-Mount Solar Vent is an exciting alternative to traditional attic ventilation. That's because it is powered by a solar panel that collects energy directly from the sun and converts it into electricity -- naturally -- to power a durable, high efficiency 24-volt DC motor. As a totally solar-powered solution, it's also environmentally friendly. Painless Installation The best installation feature is that the fan requires no electrical hook-up. That means no electrician and no complicated wiring is required, making the installation of your attic fan fast and easy. It mounts in the gable end of the home, behind a decorative shutter (not provided, see below). The solar panel comes with brackets that allow for mounting on the roof. Smooth Operation The solar panel collects energy throughout the day under direct sunlight and converts it into "free" power to operate the fan -- providing ventilation during daylight hours, when it's needed most. It creates up to 800 cubic feet of air movement per minute to remove uncomfortable heat in the summer and damaging moisture in the winter. And, the solar panel is wind-, hail- and impact-resistant to stand up to the elements. Specifications Moves up to 800 cubic feet of air per minute Solar panel collects and delivers power under direct sunlight during the hottest part of the day without electrical cost Wind-, hail- and impact-resistant solar panel High efficiency, durable 24-volt DC motor 5-year limited warranty Model #SHT15W Plastic Sold in the color white only but it can be painted to match a home’s exterior Automatically opens when the power fan is running and then closes when the fan is not running
Are solar panels cost-effective? Environmental issues aside, I'd like to know whether solar panels are worth it from a monetary standpoint? How long before payoff occurs? Pros & Cons? Is technology moving too fast, e.g. should I wait a year or two?
Are solar panels cost-effective? Payoff depends on the state you live in. NJ allows you to sell your energy credits to other companies so in NJ it is about a 3-5 year payback (which is great). Other states have similar programs or offer rebates. Check out One Block Off the Grid (http://1bog.org/) if you are interested in solar panels. They have been great at getting information about the pros and cons and also the benefits on adding solar panels (plus discounts for your entire neighborhood and a local contractor). Pros: It will increase your houses value. Depending on the state you live in you could hit payback very soon (and make a good profit after that). You will just feel good about getting environmentally friendly energy. Your electric bill will be much lower each month (you still draw electricity during the night since batteries are just not worth it yet and most electric companies do not pay you money... your bill could be $0 though each month). Cons: Your roof should be in good condition before installing the solar panels. Up front cost (some states do not have any incentives). You end up with something on your roof that will not necessarily increase your house's curb appeal. Is technology moving too fast, e.g. should I wait a year or two? In my opinion if you live in a state that has good rebates or incentives to get solar panels then I would do it. I live in NJ and I am so tempted to get solar panels but my hesitation has to do with not being 100% sure I will be in my house in the next 3 to 5 years and also the age of my roof, it is 15 years old and really needs to be replaced first before installing solar panels.
Non-Toxic Wood Glue I've got a cutting board that was left soaking for too long, and it subsequently cracked and split. Is there a non-toxic wood glue I can use to glue it back together? I'm planning on using a quick clamp and whatever type of wood glue is safe to use for food prep surfaces, if there is such a thing.
Non-Toxic Wood Glue According to this article regular old TiteBond II is non-toxic and FDA approved for cutting boards.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? Do recommended types of mitigation systems vary significantly with varying levels of excess radon? Does climate have any impact on the mitigation system of choice? Are there any other major factors to consider?
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? I used 3D Home Architect several years ago. It worked well and was inexpensive. As a matter of fact, I got it to design my basement.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? Always hit studs when you can. If this hit a few studs it will not have a problem at all. Where you have to anchor to drywall, use toggle bolts if heavy, if something like a picture and frame, use a plastic anchor.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? I would just trim. Then the hinges won't have to be moved. Don't try to trim just one side, but take an even amount off. After cutting, I usually use a belt sander to smooth the edge and knock the edge of the cuts. Tip - If the door is painted nice, or varnished, put some masking take on it for the saw to slide on.
What types of home radon mitigation systems have you used, and how well do they work? I used 3D Home Architect several years ago to design my basement. I bought an older version for less than 20 bucks. It worked well. I would check out their newer version.
How can I find a match for ~100 year old door/window trim? Our house is around 100 years old, and during the course of a bathroom demo, the contractor irreparably broke part of the window trim. Of course, the big box and local lumber stores are completely useless for finding a match. I imagine the design was common and is probably still available somewhere in bulk. I've also seen an HGTV show where a place used tools that follow the curves of a sample piece to create a match. The problem is, I don't have a clue where to start my search... any ideas?
How can I find a match for ~100 year old door/window trim? I use the open source QCad software, which is available for several platforms. I use the Linux version (Ubuntu) but also tested the Mac OSX version which is time limited. The application is a little bit disappointing if you think in terms of line/shape primitives such as in usual vector based drawing software. Initially I think this kind of software was made for mechanical part design, but many libraries exist for home furniture, electric scheme,... If: you need 2D only you really need precision (a line that is really tangent to a circle, lot of alignment tools, ... ) you want to add dimensions to your design (length, diameters,...) you want to export DXF files (e.g. to send your design to a laser cut machine, yes, amateur can also do that !) you want to produce professional quality drawing this soft is definitely an interesting tool for serious amateur. The leaning curve is slow at the beginning but it definitely worths the effort !
How can I straighten pipes behind a wall? The original builders did a shoddy job when they installed the plumbing in the bathroom, causing the taps/faucets to come out of the tiled plasterboard wall at a slight angle - about 5 degrees - so the flanges aren't flush against the wall. Any ideas on straightning the pipes without breaking the wall; I don't have any spare tiles and am unlikely to find any.
What is a smart switch? I was looking at this question which mentions smart switches. What are they? What are there uses?
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? I've got this small old bathroom that I want to lay with ceramic tiles. But to do that the walls should be straight - which they are not. Three of them are almost fine, but the fourth is... well, take a look at the pictures: Left: front view at the wall; Right: side view at the wall. This isn't to scale, but you can see the idea. First of all there is a large towel-dryer in the middle of it, stretching almost all the way across. Secondly, the wall starts slanting away on the upper half. I cannot remove the towel dryer because the people who designed the original plumbing system (probably dead by now) were... not very smart, to put it politely. It is attached to the central hot water supply in the apartment block and turning off the water means that everyone loses hot water. To make it better, even if I did turn off the water momentarily and remove the dryer, I'd still need to reconnect the open ends or the water flow would be broken (my above neighbour gets the hot water that has passed through my dryer). And last but not least - to turn off the water and do anything with the dryer I have to call the authorities and pay them $30 every time. Royal pain. So... what would you suggest?
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Can you cut the wall on the other side of the pipes? That might let you get at them without breaking the tile. Be aware, however, that if you do, it may not help - if the pipes are at an angle, and you straighten them out, you're going to end up with the pipes wanting to come out at a position slightly to the side of where they are now. In other words, the holes in the wall and tile may no longer be in the right position. You may be able to flex things to make this work, but not necessarily.
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Am surprised that no one has mentioned Duck Tape (Duct tape?) and 3 in 1 oil.... :)
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? I believe those are switches that can be controlled remotely. The method varies - some can receive commands through power lines, some use radio, some need a separate cable. You use these when you want to build a "smart house". That is, all the electrical devices can be controlled remotely. For example you could connect to your house from your work through the Internet and turn off the light in the kitchen that you left on. Or you could switch on the coffee maker before departing for home, so that you have fresh coffee when you arrive. Or maybe have your washing machine send you an SMS when the laundry is done. The possibilities are limitless. The technology isn't anything new, but such devices are still a lot more expensive than traditional electrical networks. They are trying to make it cheaper of course, but it's nowhere near the point where it could be made ubiquitous. Also they are not problem free. As always - the more stuff there is, the more something can go wrong. And both radio and power-line based communications suffer heavily from noise. Separate cables don't have this issue, but they are difficult to lay out, not to mention expensive. Naturally, progress has been made here as well over the last decades, so the latest types of devices are already quite reliable. Last but not least - not only are there different methods for communication, but several different protocols as well for each method. So whichever you choose it will severely limit the devices available to you. Of course you could always use the traditional "dumb" devices, but then you'd loose all the benefits of a smart house.
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Also, depending on your geographical location, you might not get enough sun every year to make it worth. That would be an issue for me for example (though I'm not from US).
Any tips on fixing a difficult wall for tiling? Look for a local furniture shop or woodworker and ask if they can make it.
How can I tell where my inground sprinkler hoses are? I'm going to be building a deck next week in my backyard! I'm very excited for the project, but I'm concerned about one thing: digging the foundation holes. I have an inground sprinkler system, and I'm concerned that I'm going to hit a buried hose when I'm digging. How am I supposed to find where the hoses are? Also, what if I start digging and find a hose.. Can I move the hose, or do I have to move the hole?
How can I tell where my inground sprinkler hoses are? A good, local lumber company should be able to tell you whether such a thing is available. Even if they don't stock it normally, if it is available, they should be able to special order it for you.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? I know metal detectors for walls, but in my house there are places where it has a plastic pipe. I wonder if there is a good detector to buy.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? Typically in the ground they use expensive sensors and ground-penetrating radar to accomplish this. If you can find a stud detector that can detect water in the pipes (you need something to conduct), then you should be in business. This company makes a plastic pipe detector. And so does this company. I imagine it uses radar to do it or sound waves.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? I spent a couple summers in college installing underground sprinkling, so I know a little bit about this. Typically you will have a large valve box somewhere in your yard. These will usually have an access hatch (or several small hatches) for maintenance, so they should be easy enough to find. Typically a pipe will run from the water supply to the valve box. From the valve box pipes will run out to the various sprinkler heads. Each valve in the valve box represents a single zone. When the sprinklers come on, a valve will open and all the sprinklers in that zone will come on at the same time. You can tell (roughly) where the pipes will be for that zone by finding the shortest path from the valve box that connects all the sprinklers in a zone. As long as you dig carefully, you shouldn't have too much trouble. The pipes are usually pretty tough and are usually buried about a foot or so under the ground. If you do run into one, you're not going to be able to move it without doing some serious trenching, so you'll most likely be stuck moving your hole instead.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? I am not sure if there are tools out there for detecting the water in the pipes but I would think they are pretty expensive. For the most part though the lines will run from one sprinkler head to the next in a straight line (or a gentle curve). If you run into an irrigation line you can most definitely move it. Just use an extra piece of pipe and a coupling on either end (plus two hose clamps). Lowes or Home Depot will have the right sized coupling and hose clamps for your line diameter. I have broken my sprinkler line twice in my garden (the line runs directly underneath) and patched it both times like this. Be careful not to pull too hard on the line or you could end up pulling the entire line under the ground and move the attached sprinkler heads. In other words don't just try and stretch the line around your hole and put pressure on the entire line... eventually it would move the head. EDIT: Eric Petroelje is right that you would need to do some serious digging to give yourself enough room to work and get the pipe around your footing hole. But if the footing hole location cannot be moved then it might be necessary.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? There is a really good place down in Houston, Texas. I love shopping at this place because of all the interesting old reclaimed building supplies they have, especially old plumbing fixtures, doors, windows, and doorknobs. I checked their web-site and it looks like you can shop online: Adkins Architectural Antiques & Treasures If nothing else they might be able to refer you to someone local.
Is there a detector of plastic pipe? There is a wide variety of router bits available online. Handheld routers can be had for less than $200. Some are even less than $100, but the ones I have seen have ¼-inch shanks. Some of the “interesting” router bits are only available for ½-inch shanks.
What are the different gauges of electrical wire available? What are the different gauges of electrical wire available for homes and how do you determine which gauge you should be using? If it helps, I'm wondering specifically about recommendations as I finish my basement.
What are the different gauges of electrical wire available? This article has a full list and gives examples: http://electrical.about.com/od/wiringcircuitry/a/electwiresizes.htm For the most part though, 12 gauge wire is used for 20 AMP circuits and 14 gauge wire is used for 15 AMP circuits. You probably can just use the 14 gauge wire in the basement (but it also depends on what you are doing in the basement as far as power requirements). For example, these days a kitchen is always wired with 12 gauge/20 AMP circuits because of all the power demands. The refrigerator will be on its own 20AMP circuit and so will the dishwasher. Then depending on the number of outlets/counter space you may have one of more additional 20 AMP circuits. The rest of the house is usually 14 gauge but the size of the house will determine the number of 15 AMP circuits for everything. Also keep in mind that 14 gauge wire is much more flexible than 12 gauge. So don't just go to 12 gauge just because... you will have a much harder time wiring everything if you do.
What are the different gauges of electrical wire available? Really there are only two sizes you'll need to be concerned about. 14 gauge ("white") wire is used for 15amp circuits and is what you will probably use for everything you are doing. 12 gauge ("yellow") wire is used for 20amp circuits. In a typical home these are used in the kitchen and sometimes for dedicated window AC unit circuits. These wires are harder to bend and work with, and also more expensive. Some people use 12 gauge everywhere in order to support space heaters. There are also "three conductor" versions of both 14 and 12 gauge wire. You probably won't need to use these for anything, but they are most often used for running multiple circuits in a single wire or for connecting 3-way light switches. There are other sizes as well, but they are generally for specialty use (like for 30/40/60 amp circuits for electric dryers, stoves or hot tubs).
Which hammer drill should I buy? I'm looking to buy a cordless hammer drill. What should I buy? Note: It can be just a drill not a screwdriver too if that makes a difference. Its purely for diy. No real budget in mind, more just looking to see what makes I should be considering.
How do I sweat pipes in an enclosed area? I need to repair a leak in the plumbing behind my shower. There is an access panel, and enough room for myself and my torch, but not much else. How do I apply the flame to the fittings (for the final installation) without burning down my house? It seems that no matter how I direct the flame, it's hitting something that burns (drywall, wood, myself, etc).
Old light fixture box I live in an older house (California) and the overhead light fixture boxes seem small. They unreceptive to the fixtures my wife has purchased from Ikea in that they have two holes for accepting screws and no amount of cajoling the Ikea fixture will cause its holes to line up. I've picked up an adapter plate from a hardware store but none of its holes line up with the fixture's holes either. Am I doing it wrong?
Old light fixture box You could try using a chunk of cement board as a sort of heat shield. Another option would be to just use compression fittings instead (if that's possible for what you are doing).
Old light fixture box I bought a piece of fireproof 'cloth' at the hardware store. I'm not sure what's in it - fibreglass? In any event, it's about 10x10 (or less) and you can just slip it behind the thing you are working on (I usually duct-tape it to the wall behind) and it protects the wall. I actually cut a slot in mine so that I could slip it around a pipe stub where the stub came out of the wall.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Sorry if this is an obvious question. Can anyone tell me why the dry lined plaster in our house so frequently cracks beneath the edge of the windows? At first I thought it may be relating to the heat changes or something over time; however, we've recently had a room stripped down, new plasterboard put in and it's been re-skimmed, and three weeks later, it's cracked just beneath the edge of the window. The cracks are barely visible, and don't seem to get any worse over time - they just crack and stay cracked.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Shrinking tube and hot glue - use them all the time. The combination of shrinking tube and hot glue makes smooth, sealed and water-proof solids of any basic shape. Ideal to create custom-shaped plugs or jacks.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Cordless (circular) trim saw. Fits into tighter quarters, better for making short cuts than the full-size circular saw.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? It depends upon the type of drywall anchor (as noted in other answers). It also depends upon the thickness of the drywall itself. Typical drywall thickness for walls is 3/8"; ceilings are usually 1/2". There is also 5/8" drywall which is generally for very large sheets on ceilings. In certain industrial applications, two (2) 1/2" sheets are used everywhere. It will also depend upon the spacing between studs (ie: 12" stud spacing will support a heavier load than 24" spaced studs, all other factors being equal). And of course, this doesn't begin to talk about concrete backer-board and other specialized wall materials.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Stanley Plastic Clamp Miter Box
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Usually you will have some sort of strap (as shown in the pictures below) which will go over the receptacle box and then the overhead light will attach to that.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? If it's not a standard junction box, you could always replace it with a new one. A standard octagonal junction box should do the trick: If the old box wasn't located near a ceiling joist, I'd recommend something like the Westinghouse Saf-T-Brace. You don't even need to go into the attic to install it. (You do need to know which way your ceiling joists run though.)
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Cordless I re-read your question and saw it said cordless. I don't have a cordless but this website rated the Milwaukee 0824-24 V18 Lithium-Ion Hammer Drill Kit as the best. The Hitachi DV14DL 14.4-Volt Lithium-Ion Cordless Hammer Drill is another quality product available for about the same price as the Milwaukee drill. Cord I have this one and it works pretty well - Hitachi 5-Amp 5/8" Hammer Drill Don't forget to buy a good hammer drill bit if you are doing true hammer drill work! Non-hammer drill bits will break. I suggest carbide tipped drill bits for this task. The smaller the drill bit though, the faster they break - carbide or not.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Re-use for forms. Lumber is cheap anyways, so go get yourself a new piece if you want to use the same type of wood again.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? A slide gauge If you want to know what size bolt you're supposed to use, how deep a hole you need to drill or whenever precise measurement is needed.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? Tightbond II is an excellent choice, but it's not waterproof, and it softens considerably under heat. TightBond III has much better heat and water resistance. If there's any chance that somebody will put your cutting boards in a dishwasher, I'd spring the extra two bucks for the TightBond III.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? What's the soil like where you live? I grew up in the Cdn prairie. The soil there was sandy clay. I spoke to a geologist who said that houses built in Edmonton actually "floated" - that is, they'd shift seasonally, sort of swaying back and forth on the soil. He was very amused at the lengths to which people went to patch cracks in walls, etc, only to have them re-appear the next summer. Everyone assumed the houses were shifting, and the #$@))@#$ foundation contractor didn't do a good enough job, etc. but in reality it was the nature of the soil. If you're on ground like that, then the cracks will always appear at the corners of windows, doors, etc. because those are natural flex points if the house moves a bit.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? If you don't have a problem with water pooling any more, the real answer is probably to have a professional roofer look closely at the roof both on the inside and outside. The problem with a lot of roof leaks is that where the water shows up in the house isn't where it comes in. Water has an annoying tendency to run along internal beams and such, then come into the house far away. You can go over any edges with new tar and hope you catch it but in my experience this approach ends up being like playing whack-a-mole, you patch and wait for it to rain, then patch more and wait more, etc. So I would say if you can do it yourself, look closely at the underside of the roof as well as the outside. If you don't find anything, a professional roofer is probably in order.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? if it's outside follow txwikinger's advice. If it's inside, it also depends what type of wood and whether you're going to paint it or stain it? If you're planning on staining a soft wood (e.g. pine) then you'll need to use wood conditioner to seal the grain and then stain (no need to use wood conditioner of hard woods, e.g. oak) after you stain it, you can use polyurethane for finish.
Why does the plaster crack beneath the window sill? I've seen this happen often at the corners of windows and doors. My first question would be - is there a seam in the plasterboard where the crack is occurring? If not, is the crack just through the skim coat or is the board underneath actually cracked? If you just plaster over the crack, it will certainly crack again. I would try either taping over the crack with mesh tape and plastering over the tape or if it's just a hairline crack, caulk it and paint it. The caulk should be flexible enough not to crack again.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? Is it necessary to put any kind of vapor barrier beneath blown in cellulose insulation in an attached garage? The ceiling is sheetrocked, but that's it. It's a cold, dry climate (north half of Minnesota), but lots of heat and moisture will come from vehicles parked beneath; thus, I imagine a fair amount of ice would develop over the course of the winter. But...I'm not sure how much ice, or if it's anything to worry about.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? It depends on how much ventilation you've got in your attic. This article provides the most useful and thorough information source that I've managed to find. For what it's worth, my attic above the garage has the blown in insulation resting on the sheetrock, but then again, I live in Alabama.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? I found the following VERY detailed tutorial on determining joist span based on expected live and dead load: American Wood Council The weight your deck will need to support will depend whether you get snow and how much, whether there will be a roof over the deck, whether the deck will be sheltered by any other means, what do you expect to do with the deck (outdoor kitchen, hot tub, outdoor parties), etc.
Is a vapor barrier necessary beneath blown in cellulose insulation in a garage ceiling in a cold climate? I wouldn't do it personally. You might end up with moisture hanging around up there and you want it gone. The insulation should be enough.
How do I prevent window drafts? I live in Florida. I have noticed that in the Winter it seems that the cold air leaks through the windows and into the rooms. This, of course, raises my energy bill for heating (yes we have to turn on the heat in Florida sometimes!) It seems like to me that the air is leaking through where the bottom of the window meets the aluminum frame. I thought that I could use window frame weather stripping to place between where the window comes down to meet the frame and the frame itself. So essentially, the window would "squish" the insulation and make a good seal. Is this the preferred method? I have checked the caulking in and around the window. It is definitely not leaking through there and in the Winter I can feel the cold air come through the sill.
What are some at-home options for pest control? I am thinking about ditching my pest guy and going straight DIY. Raid has released a new product called Raid Max Bug Barrier. Lowe's also carries a number of DIY insect treatments. I figure the initial startup cost is high but long term is cheaper. Has anyone else embarked on this before and what were the results? Suggestions?
What are some at-home options for pest control? A perhaps non-obvious note: make sure the wire you use is rated for at least the maximum load of the associated circuit breaker. That is, if you need to change a circuit from 15 amps to 20 amps, you can't just upgrade the circuit breaker if the wire isn't rated for it. Unless you're putting together a practice building for firefighters, of course. Similarly, if you're putting in a circuit that you foresee potentially upgrading in the future, it might make sense to use a beefier wire.
What are some at-home options for pest control? My outlet tester; beats sticking a paperclip in the outlet to see if it's live...
What are some at-home options for pest control? We've had crickets getting into our basement, I believe through a gap somewhere in the basement egress window edges. Those windows have timber-lined window wells, and they like to sneak around between the timbers. I just threw down a bunch of Ortho Home Defense MAX all around the house last night, paying special attention in the window wells, and it was like a war zone down there this morning...dead and dying crickets abound. If I remember, I'll come back in a few days with a report on the population trend inside the house.
What are some at-home options for pest control? You should be using an insulated shorting probe to properly discharge that capacitor. There are special shorting probes made for this purpose, but the only ones I've seen online are for really large applications (like attached to a hot stick type large). When I was in the Navy we had some nice handheld sized ones for using inside equipment cabinets. Short of purchasing one, there are instructions on the web on how to build one. I wouldn't just take a wire or leads from a bulb socket and short the cap leads to ground - those compressor start/run capacitors can be fairly high in capacitance and hold a decent amount of energy. If you decided to create a DIY shorting probe, ensure you get a resistor of sufficient size so you're not just instantaneously discharging the cap to ground (basically creating a direct short - unsafe). And lastly... ABSOLUTELY check the circuit is deenergized at the capacitor terminals after you're done discharging them - you might think it's dead... but sometimes you don't always get a good contact on the lead or fully discharge the component.
What is the best kind of grass/seed for a completely shaded lawn? After our home was built this winter, we had a new lawn seeded in the spring and it came in nicely almost everywhere except one area in the back that is in the shade all day long (there are woods on one side and the house on the other). I plan to add additional seed to that area of the lawn but want to choose a type of grass that will do ok with almost no direct sunlight if there is such a thing. What do you suggest? Edit: I live near Madison, Wisconsin.
What is the best kind of grass/seed for a completely shaded lawn? Adding that EPDM weather stripping will help if the leak is between the sash and the window sill. I actually had a piece of that stuff in my car to stop a door frame air leak for many years. I would also check to make sure the air isn't leaking between the sashes of the window as well. Once you put the weather strip in place, I would go back and double check the perimeter of the window frame for leaks using the old candle test to check for any drafts. Additionally - Aluminum windows are notorious heat transmitters (they let in lots of heat from outside in summer and cold in winter). I've noticed on cold days aluminum window frames can be so cold relative to inside it almost feels like a slight draft due to convection or whatever effect is in place there. One more overlooked spot you may want to look at to seal up is your electrical outlets - they are responsible for leaking a lot of air as well. You can get gaskets which go on underneath the cover plates that will seal that leakage up. Good luck!
What is the best kind of grass/seed for a completely shaded lawn? Assuming your service can accommodate the additional circuit(s), you can install tandem circuit breakers to replace your 15amp circuits - basically two breakers siamesed into a single breaker form factor. If you replaced all your singled up breakers with tandems that should plenty of space to add in any extra circuits allowed by code. That's really the only way you can get additional circuits into your breaker box short of replacing the entire service.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? This question falls dangerously close to being a software question, but it's definitely specific to DIY... My house is around 100 years old. Off-the-shelf home design programs have nice libraries of drop-on components like walls and windows that can be adjusted somewhat to fit, but they are basically useless when trying to realistically match older wall sizes, window types, molding, etc. I love Google Sketch-up and have successfully created a few basic plans in it, but I'm really tired of reinventing the wheel constantly, or compromising my 3D design and having just a big box rather than a detailed rendering. I would love, for instance, to be able to create a wall that is exactly 9'4" tall, 5 1/4" inches thick, with a baseboard on each side that is 3/4" x 8" with a 1/2" turn edge, and quarter-round at the bottom. Then I'd like to be able to drop that into Sketch-up and simply resize it to create a custom wall that is exactly like those in my house. Same goes with the windows, doors, trim, and various other odds and ends. My experience, however, has been that SU can't think of anything as an "object", only as edges and surfaces. So, trying to reuse shapes is a bit of a pain, as is punching through walls and adding realistic windows, etc. So, any tips on how to properly component-ize my designs?
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? I wouldn't say its a great idea in my opinion - but on the other hand, using a coupling is generally code compliant. I'm not a huge fan of those repair couplers, but they are usually approved for joining like materials underground if they're fully sheathed (the coupling is surrounded by stainless steel - called a mission coupling) so I don't see why it would be a problem in the basement unburied. Whatever you do, make sure you properly cement that coupling in place. I would call the inspector on that one, just to be sure. Something like this is one of those plumbing code issues which varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. When dealing with sanitary sewer piping, I wouldn't scrimp out on a fitting just to save a few bucks... the thought of a potential sewer joint failure in your basement is too awful to imagine.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? Start here: EPA's guide on radon mitigation for home buyers. We have a radon mitigation system in our house. Our house failed the radon test during the home inspection, so we forced the sellers to have one installed. The work was done by a local radon contractor, paid for by the seller for $975. We also had another bid that was $1100. (Those prices included an independent re-test of the radon levels after the system was installed.) There are lots of Youtube videos of radon mitigation systems. They are worth watching. The videos were very informative for me when I was trying to understand all of this during the home buying process. For our system, they cut a hole in the basement slab and sunk in a 4" PVC pipe. The PVC pipe runs up into the garage. It runs along the wall of the garage, and into the attic above the garage. In the attic, there is a radon fan (model RP145). From the fan, a short length of pipe extends up through the roof. There is a rubber weather-proofing boot around the pipe on the roof. Our system has a u-tube monitor attached to the PVC pipe in the basement. It measures the suction, so you can see if the fan has quit working. Looks like this. The fan makes some noise. You can hear it in the garage, but it's not that loud. Everything I read about the model of fan we have says it is good, with a pretty long average lifespan. (They do eventually break and have to be replaced.) The one thing that sucks is that I now have a big 4" PVC pipe along the wall in the garage. In hindsight, it might have been possible to rip up some drywall and run the pipe inside the wall. (Not sure.) The radon level was at 21.9 pCi/L during the home inspection. The re-test showed it at 0.9 pCi/L. Here is the EPA's guide on radon levels. For a house with lower radon levels, they may use a "passive" system with no fan. For higher radon levels, they may use a more powerful fan and a bigger pipe. Depending on the construction of the house, the radon contractor may want to install the system on the outside of the house (pipe and fan mounted against a rear wall, running up to the roof). While researching mitigation systems before buying the house, I learned that an outside fan installation considerably increases the failure rates of the fan motor. When designing/installing a radon system, some thought goes into the angles of the PVC pipe to control the influx of rain water into the pipe. The pipe also has to be routed through the house without destroying structural studs and joists. The wiring for the radon fan also has to be up to code (e.g. use a junction box). A competent radon contractor will do these things, but it doesn't hurt to ask questions. The other thing a radon contractor may do is caulk and seal any cracks or gaps in your foundation. Unused drain holes may be closed up. The idea is to prevent any radon gas in the surrounding ground from seeping into your basement. If you are concerned about radon in your house, there are some low cost radon home test kits. You can buy them at home improvement stores. They come with a charcoal canister, which you let sit in your basement for a while, then you send it to a lab for results. We also looked at getting one of these units and installing it down in the basement. It does continuous monitoring, and will beep at you if the levels get too high. Never actually got around to ordering it.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? It's no big deal -- just stress cracks in the plaster that form your house settles, or when the humidity and heat cause the wood to expand and contract. If it bothers you cosmetically, you can just skim the cracks with plaster. Avoid the pre-mixed plaster that they sell at the big-box stores, as its difficult to spread it really thin.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? Eric's comment is the best advice. The less you know, the better. Here are the three options that I would consider: Heat strip at low temperature (<1100 degrees) Paint over with a good primer. Replace the trim
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? I used to have carpenter ants coming in. I sprayed with a product called "Sevin". Just mixed it up and sprayed around the house and it did the trick. I've only seen a few ants this season.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? My first question is "What kind of bugs?" We have never had a pest control person at our house, and we deal with beetles, ants, wasps (evil, evil wasps), flies, spiders, etc. and we've never had a problem with them in the house. I try to avoid chemicals when I can, but I've had good luck with different "natural" treatments. Outside, we have both fly and wasp traps. We use RESCUE! Disposable traps1. Currently, we have one out back that has about 2 inches of flies in it, and according to the website, it can hold up to 20,000 flies (which is really gross). I've seen a few yellowjacket wasps in there as well. Nice thing about these traps is that when they're full, you just close it up and toss the whole thing away, no mess. You can pick these traps up at Lowe's. Of course, we have your typical bug zapper outside that we move around the house, which works quite well at night. We also have an "Insector Bug Collector Light", which apparently was sold by Sharper Image - I can't find any current sellers of it online. It's like an indoor bug zapper (same UV light) but they're blown by a fan into the netted area at the bottom, where they slowly starve to death. The bottom pops off so you can clean it. As far as ants go, we've had good luck with your standard outdoor poison traps and spraying their hills with chemicals. My wife sprays a clear "insect barrier" chemical from Lowe's around our front door area (I can't be around, it makes me sneeze when it's being sprayed). I also posted an answer about getting rid of ants in an environmentally-friendly way on another question here. For everything else, we use the good, old-fashioned "whack'em with a shoe" method of insect control. 1 My wife pointed out "Ugh, it smells like rotting meat", to which I replied "Good, that means it's working!" But really, they do stink, so we keep ours away from house as much as possible.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? Boric Acid Insecticidal Dust is great for getting rid of roaches. Just put it behind your stove, refrigerator, and dish washer and wherever else they may crawl and it will take care of them. Also I spray around the foundation of my entire house with an all purpose outdoor insect spray each spring when the weather starts to warm up. That usually takes care of the ants for the remainder of the spring, summer, and fall.
How can I effectively use Google Sketchup to render walls, doors, and windows? It would help if you said where you are. However, if you're in the southern US, Saint Augustine would be a good choice. If you're in a cooler climate some types of Fescue might work for you. Another thing to consider would be a ground cover - perhaps Jasmine.
Bermuda grass is invading my Kentucky Blue? Any solutions that don't involve Roundup? I live in the mountain west, where my neighbor's lawn and the mountains nearby allow Bermuda grass to infiltrate my lawn. My neighbor says the only real solution is Roundup; but I'm sure that's not the case. What can I do to discourage growth of the one grass type while promoting growth of the other?
Bermuda grass is invading my Kentucky Blue? Any solutions that don't involve Roundup? You could try creating your own plug-ins using the Google Sketchup Ruby API. You may also be able to find some useful ones that others have created, this site offers some and I'm sure a Google search will revile other sites with similar offerings like this one. Google Sketchup API Documentation Google Sketchup Community Forum Here is another good plug-in site.
What causes a partial blackout? Last night, my neighborhood had a blackout, but for some reason, only half of the electrical circuits in my house went out. I was under the impression that there was only one main electrical feed going into a house. Can someone please explain how this works?
What causes a partial blackout? I've heard of using asphalt shingles as a barrier between grass and flower beds (just dig a trench and bury a line of shingles, may not be pretty but it's effective) and that should stop any more grass from spreading but as for the existing grass you may be forced to either use RoundUp or chop it out and re-seed. I'm not sure of any chemical or other control method that targets Bermuda grass specifically.
What causes a partial blackout? Check out this post: http://www.homekb.com/Uwe/Forum.aspx/repair/35373/Service-Entry-Cable-caused-partial-blackout-in-my-house Your house is fed with two legs at 120 volts each. If you look inside your breaker box, you see three big wires coming in, red, black, white. The red and black are legs of 120V, the white is the neutral. Half your circuits are on one leg, half on the other. A 220V is on both. The power company lost one of the legs and so did you. Looks like what happened to you.
What causes a partial blackout? I know that Centipede and St. Augustine do not like lime. I have controlled Centipede in my Fescue using extra lime in the area. I don't know how Bermuda tolerates lime but it may be worth experimenting before resulting to killing everything.
What causes a partial blackout? I spray Ortho Home Defense Max once a month around the perimeter of my house. It works great and lasts a long time.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? I have a sliding glass door off my kitchen which used to have a screen on it (the screen slid on a track just outside of the glass doors). When I moved into my house the screen that was there was a replacement screen (I do not think it was the original) which quickly ripped (the screen that was there just was not made for 4 kids 6 years and under). I tried another replacement screen from Home Depot this spring and although the screen itself did not rip, it just did not fit perfectly, would not slide smoothly, and got bent and went in the garbage in about 2 weeks. I would try another replacement but it would need to be something better than what I got at Home Depot last. And I would go to the door manufacturer but the name on the glass is Guardian and I have not been able to find them. UPDATE (2011-09-18): The patio door is an American Craftsman by Andersen sold at the Home Depot. See my answer for more info.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? They are typically made of vinyl. Some people are stating here that it last them about 5 years so far. I'd expect 5-10 years. After 10 years, it probably will be brittle anyways. Just keep the chemicals away and wash with water only.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Guardian is the manufacturer of the glass itself, but not the door assembly. See http://www.guardian.com/en/na/gd_002563.html I think the key to finding the proper sliding screen is going to be finding out the manufacturer of the assembly. Have you looked all around the door frame for a nameplate?
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Installing solar should be one of the last things you do. You should first concentrate on those things that will reduce the amount of energy you will be using. "The Green Building Advisor" has a good article on The Energy Efficiency Pyramid. I believe this article will help you make some wise decisions about where to start.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Toolbucket. Love mine. It's amazing what all you can get into one of these.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? I've seen this in areas where the foundations are built on a shrink-swell clay or above a shale formation. Doorways and window openings are the weak spots in the walls, so that's where you see the cracks. Get with someone in your local USDA or Conservation District office, they can tell you if soil type could be the culprit.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Replace the trim, if you're really that concerned. Will probably be easier and cheaper than dealing with any more paint stripping.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? It depends on your point of view. PV cells are a gamble from a financial POV... depending on the state you're looking at and if you finance you're looking at a 5-12 year payback. The cells are supposed to last 20-25 years, but you may need to replace some equipment after 10-12. Upsides: Energy prices will probably rise. Peak energy demand drives energy prices, and is likely to continue increasing. PV Cells generate power during times of peak demand. In many states, adding peak generating capacity is near-impossible to do economically PV Cells increase your home's resale value (they are the only things on your home generating revenue) with little or no tax impact. (Versus a kitchen or pool) You're making a positive environmental/carbon impact. Downsides: Tax credits and other incentives are driving the market. Where you live matters more than for most things. It's difficult to shop around, IMO. Is vendor X better than vendor Y? If the tax credits disappear (this happened in the 80's), will your manufacturer be around to honor that 25 year warranty? The financial models all involve risk. If the cells are destroyed in a hailstorm or something and insurance doesn't cover it, there goes your return! Electric rates may not grow! If you finance the system, you're mostly displacing utility cost for debt service for several years! Other Options: From a dollars and cents point of view, the best alternative energy story out there is solar hot water. You spend alot more money heating water than you realize, and you can put in a solar hot water system for a few thousand (versus $40k - rebates) dollars and start recouping your investment in 3-5 years.
What are my options to replace a sliding glass door screen? Did the door that was there when you moved in work ok? Could you just replace the screen in it?
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? Not sure if this counts as "Home Improvement", but it's worth a shot: I'm currently in an apartment where I'm not supposed to use chemicals to clear drains, like in the sink/tub. I've cleared out the tub drain before (obviously hair buildup) but for some reason it doesn't seem to take long before it's draining slower than the shower is spraying. It seems that the funk in the drain in a contributing factor, helping the hair to cling/build up in the drain. Is there a home made or DIY (or "apartment safe") solution that will help to really clean the drains?
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? This article might be helpful. or this one Drain Cleaner Pour together: ½ c. borax in drain followed by 2 c. boiling water OR ¼ c baking soda down the drain, followed by ½ c. vinegar Cover drain and let sit for 15 minutes. Follow with 2 qts. boiling water. OR Use a plumber's "snake" and boiling water.
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? I've heard that plumbers swear by bio-clean. I guess the idea is that all the anti-bacterial soaps that people use tend to kill the "good" bacteria in the drain lines that naturally digest the crud that gets stuck in there. This stuff restores those bacteria so they can clean the pipes out naturally. My experience with it has been pretty good for cleaning out slow drains with lots of buildup on them, but I don't think it'll do much to larger hair-type clogs (although if the pipes are clean, the hair clogs might not form in the first place).
Is there a home made solution that will clean drains? My experience is that when tub drains clog, it is usually because of hair. Drain cleaner will loosen the gunk inbetween the hair and allow water to seep through, but the drain will clog again soon. It is better to remove the hair mechanically with a small snake. They make little ones that can be inserted without removing the drain cover/cap. The snake should cost $20 or less. Using it is quick and easy: insert, twist a few times, and pull out. Repeat a couple of times until most of the hair is gone.
Is it safe to spray herbicide on the bark of a tree if you don't get it on the leaves? I've got a bunch of poison ivy growing up a tree. I'd like to kill the poison ivy, but obviously not the tree it is growing on. It is just about impossible to spray the ivy without hitting the tree, but I was curious as to whether it will harm the tree if I just get it on the bark and not the leaves. I realize it is probably safest not to do this at all, but I was just curious how these herbicides work.
Is it safe to spray herbicide on the bark of a tree if you don't get it on the leaves? One method that I've heard of but haven't tried myself is to cut the vine and apply herbicide directly to the cut. That way you minimize collateral damage.
How do you protect solar panels from hail? Saw another question on solar panels and it reminded me of one big thing that always made me hesitant to consider them. We get several hail storms each year and having an expensive glass covered(?) panel facing almost straight up seems like it is asking for trouble. How do people who have solar panels mitigate this risk?
How do you protect solar panels from hail? A can of Coke or Pepsi. Pour a can (or two) down the drain and let it sit overnight.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? I used the extra strength roundup to kill the weeds. Now I have brown weeds that are still rooted in the soil between the paver stones in my driveway. I've been scraping the weeds and moss out with a screw driver but, darn, that's a tedious job. I'm hesitant to power wash them away because I don't want to disrupt the sand and risk the paver stones coming lose. If I were laying this driveway from scratch I'd use polymeric sand to prevent the weeds from popping up, but alas, the previous home owner was very shortsighted.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? I'd seal it with a little cement mixed with sand, about a 1:4 ratio. Choose a dry day, brush in thoroughly, then sprinkle with a very very fine shower of water.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? Scrape, then sand the wood well. You don't need to remove every last trace of old paint, but if you leave too much behind the new paint is liable to crack and flake quite quickly, especially if it's outside and the old paint isn't particularly clean. I like to use a Skarsten scraper for this, there's plenty of alternative options, but I'd recommend leaving a power sander until last. If you're renovating an old sash window and really want it to last, take the sashes out, remove the glass, and get them stripped. It's not so hard to re-glaze a window, smoothing the putty so it's neat is really very relaxing. Then prime. I like to use a good quality aluminium-based primer, you can't afford to scrimp on this as it's the primer that really stops the weather getting to the wood. Use two coats, three if you're by the coast or have extreme weather where you live. Undercoat next. Perhaps I'm a sucker for marketing ploys by manufacturers but I choose an undercoat from the same supplier and range as the top coat I'm going to use. A family member used to work in the paint business and they spend a great deal of time making sure the chemistry of the two components match. Finally, top coat. Two coats, again, gives a proper depth of colour. Last of all, keep a careful eye on the wood when you clean the windows. It really pays to make sure that the corners and the joints are sound, and if necessary a little touch-up each autumn helps.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? Smaller panels are one way to go; see this article Hail Damage and your Solar Panels: If you decide to install photovoltaic modules and worry about hail damage, there are a couple of things to consider. One of the most important concerns the size of the modules. If the region you live in is subject to frequent or serious hail storms, smaller modules are easier and less costly to replace. Also if a large module sustains damage, it will seriously reduce the power output, or even cause the system to fail completely. The drawback with using smaller modules is that they are often more expensive to install. But of course there is not much that would withstand very large size hail but then your home insurance should cover the damage (just like the damage that would happen to your car and/or house during one of those hail storms). I do not think it is very expensive to get your solar panels added onto your home insurance policy (if they are not covered already). See this answer too: Do roof solar panels and hail mix?
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? You have two options: use tandem breakers Install a sub panel There are caveats with both routes. When using tandem breakers on a 120 volt system (i.e. with a neutral present), you want to avoid something that is called a multifeed. This is, two circuits on the same phase sharing the same neutral. When using tandem breakers, its very easy to inadvertently do this. If you are in the US, you will see two feeders from the meter, one of them probably has some red tape on it, the other is black. These are your phases. Normally, every other breaker is on a different phase, but tandem breakers put both circuits on the same. Take care that both circuits attached to a tandem have their own neutral (white wire). While you might be able to install a tandem breaker yourself (I highly recommend calling a qualified professional), you will surely want an electrician to install a sub panel. They aren't much different from a regular panel except: Ground and neutral conductors are isolated, not bonded on sub panels You want to watch your loads You'll want to be careful about where you place the breaker that feeds a sub panel, so that you don't develop a hot spot on the main panel bus. For instance, you don't want a 100 amp sub panel breaker right in the middle of a water heater and an air conditioner. In either case, I really recommend calling an electrician.
How can I get rid of the weeds and moss growing between the paver stones in my driveway? I highly recommend using Wiremold for this kind of project, but it depends on the aesthetics that you are going for. 1/2" EMT when bent properly gives a really neat look on exposed brick. Using a pipe bender takes a bit of skill and practice, but can be an art form on it's own. I really don't like the idea of channeling into brick (or block) because: It never looks the same again, even when you paint it It weakens interior walls, which might be more prone to crumbling / falling in an earthquake prone region than they otherwise would. 500 series Wiremold should be all you need to do the job.
Roof Showing Some Dipping I recently walked my roof. There are some low spots, like little depressions. What causes this and should I be concerned? It seems that the plywood underneath is good but it seems like the underlayment has degraded. Is this normal?
How can I make my sink smell better? My sink has a tendency to smell awful. A few times I've poored a lemon juice & baking soda mixture down it, but it only reduces the smell for a few days. What are some longer term solutions to this problem? The smell isn't taking over the kitchen, but it's a real nuisance for someone trying to do the dishes.
How can I make my sink smell better? I use a combination of: Salt Vinegar Hot Water Dish Soap Over time, drains do begin to smell. There may be nothing blocking the drain, just some month old grease residue and remnants of the rest of the stuff that tends to go down the drain. Mix about 1/2 gallon of it together, with the following quantities: 1 cup vinegar 1/2 cup table salt (not coarse!!) Enough soap to make it "sudsy" Pour it down the drain and let it sit in the trap for 10 - 15 minutes, then flush with more hot water. I do that about once / monthly and it keeps the odor down rather well.
How can I make my sink smell better? Does it smell like sewer gas? If so, the sink trap is probably incorrectly installed, or more likely, the drain on an adjacent sink or dishwasher isn't properly vented. A "vent" is a portion of drain tube that lets air into the pipe to replace the water flowing downward. If there is no easy way to draw the air into the pipe (usually the vent just goes up to the roof and draws air from outside) then the water from other nearby traps can be suctioned down the drain as well. Without water in trap, sewer gas is free to come up the drain and make you want to move to a condo. To check the problem, run the dishwasher or wait until the stink appears. Then get under the sink (with a bucket!) and take off the trap for the sink that smells. This can usually be done without tools since it's usually a threaded plastic pipe. Check that the trap is full. If it's completely full than all this advice is moot: listen to some other commenter. If it's not full, then the best thing to do is to fix the drain properly. If that's too difficult or too expensive, you can install a "cheater valve" right before the trap. They're officially called "air admittance valves" but nobody will know what you mean if you say that. :) They are one-way air valves that make it easier for an improperly vented drain to draw air through THEM rather than sucking out the water from the trap. They're often used in island sinks where it's impossible to get a proper vent.
What's the best way to seal around this faucet? This faucet is not hooked up to a live pipe, but it still sticks out the side of my 110 year old house. The siding is fiber cement containing asbestos (and no, I'm not worried about working with it). What's the best way to seal it up so water can't get in the house? There is some expanding foam insulation inside the house around the pipe where it leaves the house already.
What's the best way to seal around this faucet? I like clear silicone caulk for this kind of job. It will remain flexible after curing, so if the pipe gets bumped or moved around it won't break or crack like expanding foam. And the clear caulk won't stand out since it cures to a translucent light grey color which is similar to the siding.
Conservatory Roof Our conservatory roof is made from Everlite. The problem we have is that where the roof runs into the drain is constantly filling up with soil, stones and moss. I have no idea where it's all coming from, but my question is: is there a way to prevent this? It's very difficult to properly clear out the gap (as it's note very big), and the clogging causes the water to back up on the roof.
What's the best strategy to reduce moisture in this garage? First of all, I know this garage will never be dry. It's a standalone, one car garage built into the side of the hill that my house sits on. It abuts the neighbor's yard, and they have landscaping and flowers they frequently water. My neighbor even says the garage gets more water in it when they water a lot. The garage has a rubber roof with two gutters that do not effectively drain water. The aluminum edging is not sealed to the rubber, so I'm guessing most water goes straight down instead of into the gutter. There is brush cover on all 3 sides of the garage. Inside is a concrete floor with some cracks. The walls are unsealed cinder block. Even though it has been dry, you can see how much moisture is here. Should I try and seal the walls with DRYLOK? My ultimate goal in drying this out is to build a small climbing wall in the garage. It will be 2x4 frame with plywood. I don't mind if it's humid, but I'd prefer that it not smell strongly of mildew. I don't want the wood to rot from moisture. Plan of attack and open questions: I have considered digging a trench around the perimeter and installing a simple drain tile system. Is this worthwhile? How deep should I go? DRYLOK the walls? Obviously, fix the gutter system and roof. Anything else I should do?
What's the best strategy to reduce moisture in this garage? A liquid enzyme drain cleaner will remove the residue that is likely causing the odor.
How far away must a woodstove be from walls? I'm thinking of installing a woodstove in my cabin. How far away must I install it from the walls (which are surfaced with wood planks)? Should I cover the nearby walls with bricks? Is there any other surface which would be better (I have seen sheet metal used in some places)?
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? We had a leak from our water storage tank and in order to replace the platform that the tank was on, I disconnected all the pipes from the tank. There are three 22mm pipes that connect at low levels, and one 15mm pipe that feeds the tank near the top. Now that I've removed the pipes, I am worried that the compression joints on these will not seal properly when I connect them again. What can I do to help improve the chances of making them watertight?
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? I would suggest getting a piece of fiber cement board and covering it in a heat resistant clay wall tile. You can screw the fiber board to the wall prior to tiling so there are no obvious fixings.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? I guess the answer is "yes, you can"; but be careful and gentle. Compression joints work by compressing the olive (like a finger/wedding ring) onto the pipe with the nut that covers it. Too tight and it deforms and leaks, not tight enough and it leaks due to a poor seal as a result of insufficient compression. When re-sealing one of these, you have to get the nut ever so slightly tighter than it was before, without deforming the pipe. Liberal application of compound and PTFE over and behind the olive will help to make up for the minute differences in how it was sealed before. I've done this on a number of the pipes in the two storage tanks and so far no leaks. We'll be checking for drips on an ever decreasing frequency starting every few hours and then to once a day, then every week until we're comfortable all is well.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? In the US, there should be a 36" clearance between any point on the stove and any point on a combustible wall. Shielding should be mounted on non-combustible spacers which allow air circulation behind the shield. UL-listed stoves with attached heat shields may be installed with less clearance according to manufacturer's specifications (you should consult their documentation before purchase). Reference
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? It's important to make sure that the olive fits exactly square on to the fitting and is completely clean. Any trace of dirt and you're likely to prevent a proper seal. I'd not advise using PTFE thread-sealing tape over the olive itself, rather over the thread to which the nut is connecting.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? If this were my wall: I'd pay the $30 to have an engineer remove the towel rail and fit service valves to the pipework. Then you can take it off, replace it, or what-have-you whenever you want without worrying about the upstairs neighbour. Mention to the plumber that you'll be re-plastering and re-tiling so the service valve is properly proud of the wall. Then, with the towel rail off, get someone in to plaster it. (Don't try plastering yourself unless you do it for a living, it's much harder than the fellow you'll get in will make it look.) Then tile away. A smaller tile means you can generally get away with really quite big imperfections, a wall that's a couple of inches off true at the top should be fine. (See here for more on that.)
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? I'd agree with @Jeremy about paying a one off $30 to remove the towel rail and fit service values. However, from there you could batten the wall and fix Aquapanel to the batten to get a vertical and flat surface to tile on to. This is a job you can do yourself. I did this for a "wet zone" walk in shower and it resulted in an excellent tiling surface. You will lose 12mm + batten depth + tile depth from the width/length of the room. Though on re-reading your comments about the state of the wall, it might not be suitable for holding the battens and/or weight of the Aquapanel which is quite heavy.
How can I reconnect a compression joint without replacing the olive? Anybody that's ever watched a concrete skyscraper go up in New York knows that you can reuse lumber forms again and again. Typically they'll have two complete sets of forms, one which ends up being used for the concrete structure on odd-numbered floors, and another which is used for the even-numbered floors. While the concrete is setting on, say, floor 17, they are removing the forms from floor 16 and hoisting them up to use floor 18.
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? I'm planning on putting a bathrobe/extra towel hook on the back of my bathroom door, but I'm pretty sure it's hollow wood. Can I just use the standard screws that come with the hook kit, or do I need something else?
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? You'll need hollow door fixings - something like these Expanding wings grip securely in hollow doors, thin skin partitions, plywood and fibreglass. Ideal for the home, boat and caravan.
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? Half a lemon ground up in the garbeurator works wonders for smelly kitchen sinks.
What type of fastener should I use for a hollow wood door? To remove grease, I use vinegar. I keep a spray bottle of it handy. Many people dilute 50/50 with water, but I don't. To remove burnt-on food, I use baking soda and water. It has to be really black, not brown. The baking soda reacts with the black stuff and flakes it off. To spot-clean, I mix a paste and keep it moist for a day. If the whole oven is dirty, I mix a few tablespoons of baking soda in a spray bottle of water. A couple times each day, in a clean oven, I spray it on all surfaces lightly. Not enough to bead up and drip, but just enough to keep everything moist and get baking soda everywhere. Then when I'm ready, I spray with vinegar and wipe. It reacts with the baking soda and breaks things up. It also cuts the grease.
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? It seems that our house tends to drain water very slowly. The bathroom sink could probably overflow if the water was left on, the bathtub also seems to take a while. Even the kitchen sink seems to drain slowly (though turning on the garbage disposal seems to help). I've already poured Sulphuric acid down the bathtub, but that hasn't made much of a difference that I could tell. edit: We have public sewer
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? My initial thought is that the proper venting is not established is your plumbing system. You need to have "air behind water" to allow everything to drain properly. Essentially it is just a vent pipe that leads to your roof so that pressure does not build up and slow the draining of your sink/tub. Just like how you would punch two holes in the top of a juice can to allow it to poor smoothly... the second hole acts like a vent. Reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drain-waste-vent_system
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? I tried the screwdriver and chisel technique with some tiles in a flat in Brighton... and quickly gave up once I found there were three layers of tiles there! So I invested in a cheapish power chisel - like a hammer drill, only it doesn't go around - and finished the job in a weekend. If you go this route, it's definitely worth buying ear defenders and a good strong set of goggles as tile chips are sharp. I used my chainsaw helmet and got a couple of dings in it.
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? A portable workbench: I use my Workmate all the time:
What are some causes/solutions for poor drainage? Try something like Draino or Liquid Plumr - both are alkaline bases, which may dissolve a clog that an acid won't. For the tub especially, you may want to try just taking off the cover (if there is one) and looking to see if there is hair or something blocking it - it is easiest just to remove the stuff you can manually, then put a drain clog remover down. If it's a worse clog, you can try using a snake, like this or this one. I'm going on the assumption that it's not the entire house that's a problem here, but it could be your main line clogged (though you'd also be having problems with toilets, in that case).
Fast, easy and simple construction of a log store We've just bought a whopping great log burner, and so our thoughts have turned to keeping it fed over the winter. I've plenty of ash trees, some beech, and an old sycamore that over the last couple of years have provided logs, but they're scattered around the garden slowly rotting. Before they become completely unusable I'd like to dry them (and the good logs) out under cover. I've space down at the bottom of our property that's sheltered under trees so I'm going to build a wood store there and over-winter logs for next autumn. I don't want to make a drama of this and make something elegant and beautiful, not least as the space I've in mind is tucked away in a copse and therefore invisible! So I was just going to get some treated 3x3 fence posts, some pre-built fence panels, and roof over with ply and roofing felt. I'll most likely create a raised "floor" of longish bits of old timber propped up on old bricks. The front will be left open and I'll most likely leave the rear apex of the roof open too so everything can breathe but is dry. Would this work? Any suggestions, in particular for making sure the edifice is properly fixed to the ground?
Fast, easy and simple construction of a log store I think you're going to have a lot of problems trying to prevent water/moisture in this garage. As you say, improving the gutters is a good first step. It's likely that there is no drainage system around the foundation of this garage, so that is going to cause some trouble. You may be able to mitigate some of the ground water by putting a french drain around the outside, and draining it off to the side somewhere away from the garage. It doesn't need to be too deep (6" is probably enough), but there should be a gravel bed wide enough that any of the water that would drain around the walls is diverted (remember, water will follow the path of least resistance). Ultimately, despite drainage, you're going to have problems with condensation. As the warm humid air meets the cool foundation, it's going to form condensation on the walls. This is unavoidable, since it is a garage and has a giant opening to the outside. If you build the frame around the inside in such a way that there is still air flow for drying, you may be able to reduce the effect though and at least somewhat prevent the smell. Definitely use pressure treated wood for everything here.
Fast, easy and simple construction of a log store I have done work with this company before: http://www.mrtimbers.com/ ..they reclaim old barn timbers and turn a lot of them in to flooring. It is usually 100-200 year old Douglas Fir in our area (upper mid-west) and it is authentic and looks old and beautiful. My suggestion would be to find a company like that in your area.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? Since this is a small wall, I do not wish to buy any expensive tools. seems they used some mortar. I failed when trying to use nothing but a small (nail) hammer. Any tricks?
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? A lump hammer should do the job. If that doesn't knock the bricks off you might need to use a masonry chisel as well. You want to choose a wide bladed one and attack the mortar.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? A masonry chisel and drilling hammer should probably do the trick.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? It sounds like you already purchased a hook, but I can recommend 3M Command products. They use a removable, non-damaging adhesive strip.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? I've had luck using a sledge hammer in similar circumstances. You'd be surprised how many problems in life have "use a sledge hammer" as the correct answer.   ________ |        | |________|    |  |    |  |    |  |    |  |    |__|
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? See if you can get hold of a big heavy hammer. You will most likely need a masonry chisel too, not least as if the mortar is hard it will be quite tricky to remove from underneath the bottom course of bricks. This is the kind of "occasional" job where it's handy to know someone (friend? family) who you can lend you the tools for the weekend. Or, hire them.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? You could easily use something like this.
What is the best way to demolish a little brick wall? Since all of your drains are slow, you could have blocked or broken connection to the sewer system. There are companies you can hire that will come in and put a camera down the drain pipe so you can see blockages or breaks. It's been quite awhile since I had it done, so I can't remember exactly what it cost, but it seems like it was $200-$300.
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair I have a 10 month old puppy who recently discovered her (apparent) love for the taste of wood putty. There was a rather large knot hole that had been plugged and finished in our living room floor that she spent considerable time chewing out. So now what we have is a about a 1/4in deep knot hole surrounded by deep scratches from where her teeth dug in. What is the best option for repair? The guy at my local hardware store recommended sanding the area out, building it back up with putty, and then restaining. I do have several cans of the original stain/varnish so I'm hoping to get a pretty close match. Please help!
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair In the past, I've used lattice layed over a 2x4 frame as a floor. This works well to get some ventilation from the bottom. I've also used lattice on the sides as well. Don't worry too much about keeping the logs perfectly dry. What you want is good airflow so that any surface moisture can dry quickly. You probably also want to think about having a few sections, so that you can add new wood to one section, and take older seasoned wood from a different section. I've also heard about people just nailing together four pallets to make a three sided box. If you have a tractor with pallet forks, this also makes it easy to move wood next to the house as needed.
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair A Barrier-Free Water Dam might be an option. They allow the user to simply roll over them, then they spring back to their original shape and contain the water to the shower.
Options for Hardwood Floor Scratch and Gouge Repair One option is to replace the board. You would need to: Cut out the old board. Find a board that matches the type and grain of the rest of the floor Install the new board. Stain it to match. Buy your dog a chew toy. :) UPDATE You can remove most of the old board by: Cutting it out with a circular saw. Using a hammer and chisel (or even a flathead screwdriver) to chip out the ends. Chisel out the old tongue from the groove in one of the boards still in the floor. To fasten the new board: I would apply a liberal amount of would glue to the subfloor. Slide the tongue of the new board down into the old groove (that you chiseled out). Put a few face nails in the new board. Fill and sand the nail holes.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? I am replacing a old Garden window with a new "flat" window. I was given a quote for "Retrofit" option, and then a $400 more for a "new construction" option. I have Stucco wall I understand that with a retrofit they need to put a Z-bar, and with new construction there is more breaking of the outside stucco. But that is all I understand. Is it worth it or not to pay $400 extra for new constructions? why would I and why shouldn't I ? If picture will help, let me know.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? The major difference between a new construction and retrofit window is the way the new window frame is attached to the house. To install a new construction window the installer will have to chip away the original stucco, cut away some interior drywall, remove the window, remove the paper backing behind the stucco, and then once the new window is in ensure the window is properly flashed and re-wrapped properly to ensure everything is watertight. After that, they will patch the stucco which was removed to perform the window install. In a retrofit install, the windows include a Z-bar or Flush fin which which allows the installer to cut down and reuse the existing window frame to mount the retrofit window frame to. The flush fin (Z-bar) covers the gap between the inside of the existing frame and the exterior of the replacement window and allows you to simply install the window from outside rather than tearing out the exterior stucco and interior drywall. If your original windows were installed correctly and aren't leaking the retrofit windows would be the way to go in my opinion. You will lose a tiny bit of window viewing area using the retrofits, but the install time will be much faster (and of course much less expensive) and there's no worry about tearing up the inside and outside of your house. I've never seen patched stucco that looks totally right either. The energy savings will be there regardless of the installation method you choose.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? I was warned by several people to not use fiberglass tape when finishing drywall. The fiberglass mesh tape is more likely to allow cracks to form over time because it is not as strong as paper tape.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? If for some crazy reason a simple sledge or hammer/chisel doesn't take that down you can rent a small electric jackhammer at Home Depot, et al which would make quick work of that planter box.
When replacing a window, what are the pros/con of a retrofit vs new construction? There are many options for running data cabling on the exterior of a wall. Basically it sounds like your options are limited to some type of surface-run raceway or conduit. If you're set on surface mounted raceways I would honestly look at the stuff made by Panduit - everything I've used from Wiremold (generally what you find at home improvement stores) is pretty ugly imho. It all boils down to cost and aesthetics. Personally I think using EMT would look the best for running on the exterior of a brick wall (I love the industrial/exposed services look), but there are many other types of raceways and cable trays you could use. However if you're penetrating through a slab (running between floors) or any kind of fire barrier - you'll need to ensure whatever you're using is code compliant for running through a fire break. EMT would be code compliant - unsure about any other cabling raceway types... but every commercial building I've ever worked in uses EMT to run wiring between floors.
What is the recommended technique for refinishing hardwood floors I have old hardwood floors in my home that I'd like to refinish myself. I'm ok with all sorts of manual labor, but I'd like to know the preferred method for refinishing them without damaging my walls or baseboards.
What is the recommended technique for refinishing hardwood floors Rent a drum sander, but practice in an out-of-the-way area first! You can easily sand grooves into your floor. With the drum sander you should be able to get within a few inches of the baseboards, then you'll need to use some type of hand sander.
What is the recommended technique for refinishing hardwood floors There are devices called gutter guards that allow the water to enter the gutter/drain but the debris continues over the gutter and off the edge of the roof. Not sure if you could get one of those for your conservatory roof but you might try looking into them.
Are SharkBite plumbing connectors as reliable as soldered connectors? Are SharkBite plumbing connectors as reliable as soldered connectors?
How do I clean my jetted whirlpool tub? The master bath of our new house has a jetted whirlpool tub. We haven't used it yet, since the previous owners were, um, lacking hygiene. Is there a good way to clean it out without taking the whole thing apart? I've heard that some people use dish detergent, but then I've heard elsewhere that this can cause residue buildup inside the jets and tubing. Is there a good cleaning product made specifically for jetted tubs out there that doesn't cost an arm and a leg? Does anyone have experience they can share?
Should I supporting a load via anchors in brick or mortar? I'm attempting to hang window flower boxes (a metal frame with a moss/fabric insert, filled with dirt/flowers/water for a total weight of about 15 lbs) on a brick wall. An example of a similar metal frame can be seen below (found at http://www.vintagetub.com/asp/product_detail.asp?item_no=B-30&utm_id=IDK14&cvsfa=1353&cvsfe=2&cvsfhu=3439353934): The specific box I have has two vertical support beams towards each end with a common vertical set of holes on a each of these that will slip over the head of screws that are firmly anchored into a wall. I've got two concerns: Can I support this load via screws only in the mortar or do I need to drill the brick? (A mortar repair is easier and more sightly than holes in brick if I ever take this down, since it's on the side of a garage - i.e. a large uniform brick surface - instead of directly under a window where the holes might go unnoticed.) If mortar alone will support the expected load, would using only the top two screws suffice? (I'd suspect not.) The distance between the holes in the box is not the same as the height of the brick, so at best I could only get 3 of the holes (two in a horizontal line of mortar, and one in a vertical line) used without drilling brick or coming up with some other way to fasten the box to the wall. I'd appreciate any thoughts at all on the matter!
Should I supporting a load via anchors in brick or mortar? Belt-style floor sanders were current years ago, but more recently the best bet is a random-orbit style sander like the Varathane ezV sander. The random-orbit sanders don't have nearly the risk of grooving that the belt sanders do, and these ones also have a built-in vaccuum which collects a large portion of the dust, unlike the sanders of my childhood. I've sanded both floors of my house using that system; each floor took about a 3-day weekend start to finish using a process similar to this one. I did find that I needed to use a hand-held belt sander for the edges, and since our floors are not all that even we used it to get the existing finish out of some of the deeper spots in the floor as well. If you pull out your trim and use some care you should be able to get right to the edges without having to do more than touch up the paint on the trim. We just used the water-based polyurethane and have been quite happy with the results, but it's absolutely worth it to put down as many coats as you can - we ended up doing 4.
Can I use a 50 Hz device in a 60 Hz power frequency? My mother in law just returned from Europe and brought me an espresso machine. It's rated 220v - 50 Hz (as written in the label), but the power system here is 220v - 60 Hz. Funny thing is that in the manufacturer website it says the model is actually 220v - 50/60 Hz. Question is: can I use it here? By searching the internet I found some people saying it wouldn't work, others saying it would work but damage the machine eventually, and even others saying that the frequency difference only affects clocks/timers. So I'm kinda confused. Should I try to use it?
What are some tips for installing laminate wood flooring? I'm about to install laminate wood flooring in our family room. The floor is concrete. Having not done this before what tools and tips can you all offer before I get started?
What are some tips for installing laminate wood flooring? The 60 Hz represents the frequency at which the voltage in the wire oscillates. Heating elements don't care about this, and neither do most electronic components as they turn this alternating current (AC) into constant (DC) direct current anyway. If this is an all-singing, all-dancing, computer controlled extra-fancy espresso machine then I'd steer clear, though, as there's a remote chance you've one of the few devices where the cycles-per-second makes a difference. If it just uses power to heat an element you should be fine. Disclaimer: operating the device outside of the region it's designed for will certainly void the warranty, and coffee in excess isn't good for you anyway.
How do I properly seal an exterior door? I've recently discovered that rain is getting in around my exterior (front) door and forming a little pool in the frame under the door. I'm assuming I can fix this by adding a seal around the door (which would also help with insulation too). Is this assumption correct, and if so what products would people recommend for the seal? EDIT: Sorry, I realise my question was ambiguous, or even completely ill-phrased. The gap in question is actually the gap between the door itself and the door frame within which it's hung. So there has to be some gap there, but it appears that the gap I have is too large or something and that is allowing rain in a bit (when it comes at a particular angle). I'll add some photos once it's light outside ;)
How do I properly seal an exterior door? I would not trust the manufacturer's website: there is a chance that the batch of coffee makers that yours came from was made with a different power supply or some other difference. Instead, look at the little sign that has model numbers, serial number, voltage, etc. If it says 220 V 50/60 Hz, then it's probably safe to use it in the US. If it says 220 V 50 Hz, it's more uncertain. Many components should work fine, but perhaps some may overheat, not work, or run at the wrong speed. If the alternative is to throw the machine in the garbage, I would try it (with a transformer in order to convert 110 V to 220 V) but unplug it when not in use. (P.S. Interesting tidbit: much of southern California used 50 Hz until 1948.)
How do I properly seal an exterior door? Pick up a kit like this from your local hardware store, it will include every thing you need. Make sure you measure the room and make sure the last row is not going to be a tiny sliver, it is better to start with a thinner first row than get to the end and realize you are going to have a really thin last row. Also be very careful when tapping the boards together, if you go to far you will chip/crush the board you are butting up to. When tapping the boards together be careful not to let the tapping block slip up, because that too will chip the plank. Oh and don't forget to remove any baseboards before you start, and then measure again without the base boards. When buying the underlay material make sure you get some that is made for concrete, you don't want moisture wicking up through the concrete into your new floor. It's also a good idea to pick up an extra box or two of flooring, it could save you a trip to the store in the middle of the project if you underestimated or damage some of the planks during install. You can always return any unopened boxes when your done. A miter saw is also very handy. EDIT: Be careful when tapping the planks into place, if you don't have weight on the floor or you are not using spacers the whole floor could shift and become crooked (I learned this the hard way). I was about halfway across the room when I realized the planks that I had previously installed were shifted, if I hadn't caught it I would have ended up with a very crooked floor.
How do I fix a shutoff valve that isn't opening? My dishwasher started leaking over the weekend. I turned off the water at the shutoff in the basement, it's a standard faucet type in the copper piping. I then replaced the rubber heater hose used to feed water to the dishwasher, which had sprung the leak. Trying to turn the water back on, I realized that the valve isn't opening. It turns repeated, and I've turned it many many times, but no water is flowing. Is it possible that while turning off the water I stripped the thread, broke a washer, etc, stopping it from opening? How can I fix this? Is it like a normal faucet that I can turn off the water to it, remove the packing nut, and replace the valve or whatever has broken underneath? The valve itself looks something like: http://i.ehow.com/images/a06/6q/tm/plumbing-water-stop-valve-installation-200X200.jpg http://www.brass-plumbing.com/productsimages/brassneedlevalve_95381.jpg Looking at those, what I'm wondering is if I can just remove the handle (which is broken anyway, I got a little rough), remove the packing not, emptying out the body, and replacing the contents with the header, nut, etc from a new valve. So I don't have to unsolder, the whole thing. Also, valve and shutoff are new tag, so I can't create them, but would probably be relevant.
How do I fix a shutoff valve that isn't opening? I've not used Shark Bite, but I have used other push fit connectors and as long as you make sure that you push the pipes firmly into the connectors they do the job they're intended for. I haven't had any leaks or other problems with them. Another advantage is that you can rotate the pipes and fittings once they're in place so if you have a tight or awkward space to work in you're less restricted. If you're not confident about your soldering skills then using compression or push fit connectors is probably a better idea as you can sort them out after the water's turned back on without necessarily having to drain the system again.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? My second in the line of "redoing a bathroom" questions. For our tub surround, my wife and I have picked out some very nice 16"x4" subway tiles, that we would like to arrange in a brick pattern. To surround the tile, and finish exposed edges, we have ordered some 16x4 bullnose. For example: However, in order to have a brick pattern, every other row will require a 16x4 tile to be cut in half, leaving an unfinished edge on the tile. I have noticed that the tile we picked out has a very slight roundness to the edges of the tile. Cutting the tile in half will cause a sharp corner where the cut tile butts up against the bullnose: The top is a full 16x4 viewed from the edge (notice the rounded top edge where it butts against the bullnose) whereas the bottom is the cut tile (notice the sharp corner where it butts against the bullnose). Now, in this image I have exaggerated the bevel on the top face of the tile, it is quite a bit more subtle than this. How is this typically handled? Is there a way to soften the sharp corner? Or is it typically not noticed?
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? The biggest issue I have run into is laying the transition strips on a concrete floor. The transition strips consist of a plastic or metal channel, that is attached to the floor, which the finishing piece snaps into. For concrete floors, it is usually recommended on the package that you use construction adhesive to attach the channel to the floor. I have found this to be quite unreliable, even when using adhesives meant for concrete. (over time, without fail, the channels have separated from the adhesive, it may be that I had plastic channels instead of metal). What worked for me is to use the adhesive, but also a hammer drill to install some small concrete screws to keep the channel attached to the floor.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? In my experience it's usually not noticed. You'll be grouting as well and unless you're very precise with the grout there'll be some variation with grout depth and width which will "even out" the effect.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? Depending on your siding material, it is possible that the door isn't properly flashed, or the existing flashing needs replacement/repair. If this is the case, I would recommend two things 1) using some expanding foam, fill (but dont over fill!) the void between the door frame and the surrounding studs. 2) Properly flash around the door to make sure water can't get behind the door frame. Depending on the flashing material used, this may involve some caulk to seal the flashing (though peel and stick flashing won't require any caulk, and is quite easy to work with). I am going to leave the info about the flashing, as it might be helpful to others, but in regards to your re-worded question- Depending on where the water is coming in, you might need to either replace the rubber gasket/seal that fits to the outside of the door stop (if water is coming in on the sides/top of the door) or you may need to replace the door sweep (the rubber or bristle bit that hangs down from the bottom of the door itself, and seals everything shut when the door closes).
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? From the way you describe it, it sounds like it's a regular gate valve. You might be able to repair it as you describe by removing the packing nut and replacing whatever is broken or stripped out inside. The only exception to that would be a ball type valve, but those will just have a handle that makes only a 1/4 turn. Those generally aren't repairable, but then again they almost never fail either. Personally, I would just remove and replace the gate valve with a good ball valve. Gate valves have a tendency to rot out or seize up from lack of use. I actually had one once that disintegrated in my hand when I tried to turn it off (spraying water everywhere and making a nice mess). Ball valves are just much more reliable.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? Were the previous owners kind enough to leave the instruction manual for the tub? If not, you may be able to look up the model online, and get a copy. The last jetted tub I had experience with, had removable jets, which could be placed in the dishwasher (as per the instruction manual). In order to clean out the tubing, we would fill the tub, and add 1-1.5 cups of bleach, then run the jets for a good 20-30 minutes, drain the tub, refill with clean water, and run for another 5-10 minutes. It was amazing how much "ick" came out, and with the bleach you don't have to worry about buildup. If the previous homeowners were as you say, lacking hygiene, you may want to repeat this process a few times.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? With only 15lbs, two screws (one on each side) ought to do just fine. Just drill into the mortar with a hammer drill and an appropriately sized bit, then use either a sleeve type anchor with the screws, or you could just use a couple tapcon type screws as well.
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? Having done this a few times before, I'd like to stress the importance of crayons -- they come in lots of contrasting colors, so you can see them easily, and they buff off so no one sees the marks when you're done. We found a 3-person crew was about right for working -- two people dealt with laying the full boards (one hammered while the other one made sure the board was pressed down to seat into the previous one, and to tell the hammering person how much further they had to go), and the third person was responsible for marking and cutting boards at the end of the run. We tried one person marking, and one cutting, but I found that people mark differently. (cut on the line? a little over the line? How much slop did you leave, etc?) It was just easier to have the person marking being the same person cutting & laying that board, so they knew how to adjust their markings. As you want to use the slot side for the block to hit against, at the end of the run you'll want a piece with a tab-end; to mark it, do the following: Finish the run of boards until you can't fit another full board. Place a full board on top of the gap, with the tab side towards the wall (ie, backwards from how you'll be installing it). Mark with your crayon where the board overlaps the last board in the run. Take the board to your saw, draw a line w/ a crayon and speed square, and cut. After 1-2 boards, you'll figure out how much of a gap you're getting from drawing your lines; you basically want just enough to drop the board in, and get the little metal pulling bar in there. Once you pull the board into place, you'll have a good 1cm gap because of the space to get the bar in plus the length of the tab/slot joining up. If you're reading with corners and more complex obstructions, I tended to go with the following order: Rip the boards if it's part of the starting run. (doing them all at once, so I set the rip fence once, and they'd all match up). Cut the boards to length. Ripe the board if it's going against the ending wall. (our room wasn't square, so I had to taper the boards slightly) Determine any other wall obstructions (eg, corners because I'm trying to get into an alcove), and cut to fit. Mark & cut any other obstructions (pipes for sinks & radiators, in my case.) As you work, you'll get tired, and start rushing, being more likely to hit the boards harder, or take shortcuts (like using the metal bar against a slotted side; if you really have to as you get up against the wall, put the plastic block down first, then use the metal bar on the plastic block; the metal bar should only be used on a cut end, and even then, you don't want to slam it very hard, or you will splinter the wood.) We also had a few blemished boards in the pack, so as the two laying the full boards found 'em, they'd mark them with crayon, and I'd try to use them for where I needed cut boards. (or the ones they mangled because John was rushing too much, and he'd mark which edge was damaged).
In a brick layout for tile, how do I handle exposed cut edges? MarkD mentioned bleach and removing the jets. If there are hard water stains you could also try vinegar, just not at the same time.
Fixing Curling Vinyl Flooring I have vinyl flooring in the bathroom that has started to curl up a bit at the edge. It was suggested to me that I use contact cement to fix it. The problem is that there is not enough curl to allow space for me to get at the sub floor or the underside of the vinyl flooring in order to apply the cement. Do I need to rip up more of the floor to expose enough surface area? If so, how can I do that in a controlled manner?
Fixing Curling Vinyl Flooring One option would be to install quarter round next to the baseboards. If the edge has barely started curling up, this would hold it down. Otherwise, yes you will have to peel the vinyl back to apply adhesive to it. One method to make the floor a bit more pliable is to use a hairdryer to heat it up. Just make sure you don't overheat it too much. Before applying the new adhesive, you may have to scrape off some of the old adhesive, and clean off any resulting debris. Here's a good article with more details: Link
Laminate flooring edging I've installed some laminate flooring, and am coming to do the edging. I'm aware that I can't fix the edging to the floor itself, but to the wall. However, the wall is just brick. I've tried using PVA and even silicone, but it's very difficult to get it to actually stay on the wall. Does anyone have any suggestions as to something else I could use to fix the edging in place?
Laminate flooring edging Are you in the US? If so our household current is ~110V 60Hz unless you are using a special purpose outlet which are often used for air conditioners or electric oven/stoves and has a different plug/outlet which supply ~220V 60Hz. The ac frequency is unlikely to matter, but using the lower voltage is unlikely to work, also unlikely to damage anything.
Laminate flooring edging All you need is a step up/step down transformer. It will convert 110v 60hz to 220v 50hz and vice versa. I used to get electronics from Japan and had to buy a transformer to make my Famicom work in the US :) Just FYI - the step up transformer purchased 15+ years ago for that purpose is still being used in my mother's house. Something like this would work EDIT: actually too small for an espresso machine Probably more like this
Laminate flooring edging You need a heavy duty construction adhesive. PL, Loctite Power Grab, Liquid Nails, etc. PL makes a trim adhesive that should work well on that brick - it sets up kind of slow but once it gets set up it will stick that trim to brick just fine.
Laminate flooring edging Hosestly the moss might give the driveway a neat look depending on the age and style of the neighborhood. But if it's a newer house it night looks very poor. And well weeds never look good in a driveway. If it were me I would just go ahead with the power washer and blow it all away. Then when your done have at it with the polymeric sand. This will cover over everything and seal it up.
Laminate flooring edging They do make a chemical just for poison ivy but I'm not really sure what else it kills. Beyond that you could try to treat some of the leaves with it and slowly kill it. I had to do this with some trumpet vine growing in with some roses, it worked but it took a while. Cont forget to wear some sort of disposable glove too, that way you can touch the ivy and not get it! Nasty stuff.
Laminate flooring edging I'm answering my own question here - maybe and admin can move this as a comment to my original question: I did some more research on how to detect and clear blockage in central vac system. I disconnected the vac bucket from the unit and then used a regular vacuum at each outlet. At one of them, a huge amount of debris came out, including a "fabric softener" sheet and some other bits of dirt. This must have clogged the system enough to drastically reduce suction. The change in power is unbelievable. Certainly more powerful suction now than my regular vacuum.
Laminate flooring edging I've done this myself in the past, and other than what's already been posted I can only offer three pieces of advice: Measure carefully (and make sure that you remember to stagger the boards). Leave an expansion gap around the edges. Get a jigsaw and workbench if you don't have one. I spent far too much time sawing!
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? Since removing all pipes from our loft storage tank in order to replace the deck it was on and had soaked, I've successfully reconnected everything and fixed the leak in the tank. But now the water pressure from cold water taps upstairs is much less than it used to be. Could there be a bubble in the pipes now? Do I need to flush that out somehow? I should add, for the troubleshooters, that the tank is in exactly the same place as before, with the same pipes (unmodified) and as high as it was before. I replaced the boards that made the "deck" and reconnected the same pipes. The tank is as full as it was before (a lot of water in there).
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? Given that the tank position etc. is the same the most likely explanation is that you have a blockage or narrowing somewhere in the pipes - probably from some sediment you dislodged while removing the tank. Is it just one tap, all the upstairs taps or are the kitchen taps also affected? If it's the latter then the obstruction will be nearer the tank before the pipes split. If it's the former then the obstruction will be after the split or (more likely) at the tap itself. If there's nothing blocking the affected tap(s) then you will need to flush the system somehow, but it will depend on what's causing the obstruction. You might be able to clear it by emptying the tank again, leaving the taps open and then using a hosepipe to force water through the pipes - but if it's a piece of grit this won't really help.
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? You might try disassembling the tap in question - it could be that something from the tank is now lodged in the tap itself (either in the valve, or in the spout). It might be further upstream, but I'd start with the tap.
How can I fix low water pressure from loft storage tank? They make Internet Controlled Thermostats already. I would start with one of those, and then just build an interface for your phone that will interact with the device through the web.
Can you paint a popcorn ceiling? My guess is that a paint sprayer might be easiest, but are the other ways that won't remove the popcorn?
Can you paint a popcorn ceiling? Like you said, a paint sprayer would be easiest, but you can do it with a roller as well: Use a foam roller. Thin the paint out a bit, say 80/20 paint/water or so. Roll in one direction only - if you roll back and forth you'll likely knock off the popcorn. If one "roll" doesn't cover it, just put on another coat after the first one dries. Be gentle with the roller!
Can you paint a popcorn ceiling? You can use a really thick-napped (1" nap) roller, but make sure to go very slow, or you will fling paint everywhere.
What is the best way to uncover weeping holes? We just bought a house where an old man lived for 27years. When he built the place, I doubt that he had any idea that the voids in the brick were weeping holes. I would like to fix them, but I'm not sure the best way to do it without hurting the bricks.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? I live in Houston, TX (Very Hot, Very Humid). In the summertime, my dryer is dripping with water, when not in use. I do not have overly excessive drying times. My dryer is vented via an unfortunate run of over 25 feet with two elbows. It exhausts through the roof. Dryer is in the center of the first floor, so the vent goes up to the second floor, runs through the ceiling/floor, comes out in an attic and through the roof. The attic is unfinished, with temps well over 120F on an average summer day in Houston. My guess is that I have hot moist air pouring down my dryer duct, hitting my nice cool air conditioned dryer and condensating. Initial google searches have pointed me at the Fantech DBF110 which is a booster fan that you install on your duct run. I'm not certain this is going to solve my problem, as it doesn't run constantly, only when the dryer is running. Would I get more bang for my buck by insulating the duct and trying to seal it up? Any recommendations on materials if that's the case (thermal blanket, just wrap fiberglass, other)? Update: As Eric suspected, I didn't have a working flap on my dryer vent. So I bought one and gave it a test run and I wasn't happy with how little the flap opened from the pressure on the dryer. So, I installed the booster fan as suggested by Doresoom as well. We had a few hot humid days after that, dryer stayed dry. My clothes drying times are pretty low too, 30-45 mins. Fan pic is before I cleaned up the electrical, looks a little neater now. The ideal install for that fan is with the bracket on a stud, unfortunately there was no good way to attach a stud and avoid cutting a new hole in the roof. Luckily the fan is pretty light.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? Usually a dryer vent will have a spring loaded flap where it exits the house to prevent outside air (and bugs, rodents, etc) from coming in through the pipe. If you are getting airflow from outside through your vent pipe, it sounds like either you don't have one or it isn't closing. I would check that first.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? Depending on the type of duct you have, 25 feet and two elbows may be near or over the length limit for dryer vents without a booster fan. This website lists the limits.
Why am I finding condensation in my dryer? The previous owner of my house did some remodeling and did not do a good job of containing the drywall dust. The furnace and ducts were full of it. I had everything cleaned and now there seems to be less dust in the house and the temperature coming out of the duct seems to be warmer for the heat and colder for the air conditioning. I would say it was worthwhile in my case.
Where can I find garage building plans? If I wanted to build a detached garage/workshop, where can I find complete, detailed plans? I'd like to be able to estimate building cost from a materials list. I'm not certain what style I'd want, so I'm open to suggestions. For sake of discussion, let's assume the main house structure is colonial or similar.
Where can I find garage building plans? I had a co-worker who removed his popcorn ceilings by sanding them down (I'm not sure if it was a drywall sander or just a big sander) and then repainting them. He didn't get them entirely smooth, so it looks like they were retextured.
Where can I find garage building plans? So far they seem to be just as reliable, although given that they've only been on the market for a few years they don't have the same history as soldered connections. Here in the UK almost all new-build houses use push-fit connectors for concealed work as it's much quicker and easier. You most likely do need to take extra care that the tube is perfectly round for an inch or so at the end, and that there's no bits of swarf, paint or other dirt there. Solder is good at filling in little gaps which push-fit connectors won't seal. On the other hand it's very easy to not heat a solder joint up enough to melt the solder properly, especially in confined spaces. Obviously, make sure you push them in firmly. Finally you don't really want to use them for exposed pipes, soldered joints are much neater.
Where can I find garage building plans? If the places where you want CAT5 are also places where you have existing CATV (RG-6/RG-58) or telephone cables, the answer is simple: Securely connect a fish tape to the old cable at the wall. Pull the old cable and feed the fish tape through the wall. Connect the new CAT5 cable and pull the fish tape back. If you've switched to VOIP or cell phones, you won't miss the old telephone wiring. If you do still need that land line or CATV cable, just connect both wires to the fish tape. It'll be a tighter fit but should be fine. Four tips on doing this: Tape is cheap. Overdo it. Lots of loops and use the tape to ensure there's nothing at the connection to the fish tape that can snag. Making a loop in the original cable is the best way to do it. Disconnect the old wiring at the network interface outside while working on it, for safety reasons. If you need to keep the old cable, use the opportunity to pull new wiring for it as well. Upgrade RG-58 to RG-6, upgrade old two-pair telephone wiring to another CAT5, etc. If you don't own a proper fish tape, buy one. It's a flat metal wire that's a breeze to feed through walls and won't break. Tried to use twine and other types of rope several times, lost a few cables in the middle of walls. Not fun.
Where can I find garage building plans? In order of increasing cost: This website has a few good plans for simple garages available at no cost. TodaysPlans looks like it has some good plans for free, but you have to get them through email. Mybackyardplans has a few for free, but they look to be low quality. This website has them starting around $70. JustGaragePlans has a wide range to pick from, but they're going to run $100+ per plan.
Where can I find garage building plans? Here are a few free ones I found through a Google search. Build a Single Garage Shell. Plan for a 16' X 22' Garage. 20' X 24' Garage. There seems to be a lot of sites that will supply you with plans for a fee. You may also be able to find blueprints of garages built in your city at the city clerks office, at least for garages built with permits (I think these are public record but I'm not sure). You could also try using software like Google Sketchup or other drawing software to create your own plans, if you go this route make sure to get your plans approved by the appropriate government offices.
Where can I find garage building plans? Yes, you have to use a segmented foam roller. I didn't have to thin the paint and I don't think that is necessary. I have done it and you need to lay out large amounts of drop cloth to prevent popcorn from falling down. Paint in one direction only otherwise the popcorn will peel.
Where can I find garage building plans? Use a Plugging Chisel. A plugging chisel has a tapered edge for cleaning out hardened mortar. The chisel is held with one hand and struck with a hammer. The direction of the taper in the blade determines if the chisel cuts deep or runs shallow along the joint.
What are the steps for landscaping a lawn? I bought my house in 2007, and we inherited a crazy backyard. I'd like to completely redo it, but cost is a big issue. Estimates for a complete landscape are around $30,000, which unfortunately is out of our budget. Since our house has lost quite a bit of value, a HELOC is out of the question. It's too much work for just one person to do, so I've considered hiring day laborers, and doing it myself. My plan is to have them remove all green, saving a few apple trees for replanting. But outside of that I have no idea what else I need to do. Is there a person I can hire to figure out a plan, and coordinate this whole ordeal, or will they have their own personnel? I have a yard waste recycling bin, but the amount of brush needed to be removed will be more than a single bin full--What are my options for getting rid of the underbrush? The yard is tiered, and ideally I'd love to level it out. Is this feasible?
Power keeps cutting out to hot tub I have an outdoor Hydropool hot tub and have recently been having an issue with power. It seems that periodically a build up of 'gunk' (my technical term for it) builds up around one of the electrical connections to the heater and eventually causes the breaker to trip. In the past I have been able to fix the problem by simply disconnecting the wires and wiping away the gunk with some paper towel. This typically happens only after quite intense rain storms but I'm not sure if it's related. Is there a way to keep this from happening? or is it a sign of something more significant going on that I should get checked out.
Power keeps cutting out to hot tub A few thoughts... Talk to some local landscaping companies. You can probably find one that will do a plan for you (for a fee). This will make it easier in that you have something to work from. For the yard waste, look into renting a chipper that you can feed the brush into and it will spit out mulch. You can use the mulch in flower beds. If you want to remove tiers, I'm guessing you're going to need to move a lot of dirt. You will probably need to rent equipment for this, unless you are willing to hire some one. It sounds like you have a really big project in mind. If you are serious about doing it yourself, give yourself plenty of time.
Power keeps cutting out to hot tub The fact that this "gunk" keeps building up is a sign that there is an underlying cause you've not found. I'd get an electrician with hot tub experience to take a look. It might be something simple, but with electricity and water you don't want to get it wrong.
How do I fix a squeaky/whiny ceiling fan? I have a Monte Carlo ceiling fan, similar to this one in style. It has a light that points up towards the ceiling and another towards the floor. The fan is making a whiny almost squeaky noise on all 3 speed settings. http://www.montecarlofans.com/18871/Ceiling-Fan-5OBR52BSD.html How do I fix this? some good ole WD40 and luck?
There is water in my basement and the outdoor sump pump failed. What am I doing wrong? My house has water problems with the basement. Here's what the entrance to my basement looks like. When I get a really heavy rain storm, water manages to rise up and start seeping in under the door. Given an hour I have a real mess on my hands (like today) I have a sump pump hooked up underneath the black cover in the picture. It's a simple automatic pump I bought at the home depot. It sits inside a 5 gallon bucket with holes drilled in it and gravel in the bottom. This bucket sits in a pit filled with gravel. Here's what it looks like when you lift the cover The pump has a garden hose hooked up to it. The hose then runs through some pvc pipes and into the back yard. The power cord runs into the house. Currently it's attached to a power cord but I plan on adding a power outlet next to the door that it will plug into. Here's a picture.. So that's my setup, which works well enough for regular amounts of rain. But here are the two situations my setup fails: Flash flood warning level rains. Power outage. So here are my questions: What am I doing wrong? What should I do to make things right?
There is water in my basement and the outdoor sump pump failed. What am I doing wrong? From the looks of it, water could run right around your grate to the door. If the walkway is sloped toward the grate on both sides, that would probably help when the rain is light, but when it is heavy it will run right around it. I would install a grate that runs across the whole width of the walkway. Under the grate, I would have a trench about a foot deep with about 6" of gravel. In the middle of the trench, I would dig a hole another 24" or so deep and put your bucket with the sump pump in there. It would also help to either move the trench closer to the door or grade the walkway so that the couple feet from the drain to the door slopes toward the drain. If you move it, it should at least be inside the "drip line" from the eves/overhang on the house. Another option, if possible (hard to tell from the picture) would be to cover the walkway.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? First-time home-owner - house less than 1 year old. We had our home built last December, and have been discovering all sorts of problems with it. The latest was a trail of ants within our kitchen ascending from behind the stove. When we looked beneath the stove to see what the problem was, we found a small hole allowing sun-light in from outside. Our builder came and sprayed foam, but the ants have persisted for one more day. I finally sprayed some insect killer behind the stove, and that greatly reduced the number of ants. Today I pulled the stove out to see what it looked like back there and found the following (see image). I'm noticing a large space between the hardwood flooring and the drywall - is this normal? Should I fill it with spray foam? If so, is spray foam enough to prevent further insects from finding their way in (assuming the initial round of spray foam wasn't sufficient), or should I deal with ants a different way? If I should spray, what would be an appropriate product to use?
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? If the ants have a nest in the house, you will have to find the nest and destroy it. Then you will have to prevent them from getting back into the house and creating a new nest. If the ants are entering the house from the ground, you could spread Borax around the house. The ants will crawl through the borax on the way in and die. If the ants are coming in from above (power line, clothes line, tree branch) you will have to deal with that accordingly. Clothes lines and tree branches are easy, just remove them. A power line can be more tricky, but most likely the ants are getting on the line from a nearby tree. If that's the case you should call the power company and ask them to remove the tree, unless the tree is on your property in which case you can trim the branches around the line so the ants no longer have access. The first step is to find where the ants are coming from, the next step is to prevent them from coming back. As for the dry wall not coming down to the floor, that is normally covered up by base boards. I'm assuming the builders figured the stove would cover it so there was no sense 'wasting money' installing a baseboard there.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? The gap is not unusual. You could put spray foam there, but it will only have a negligible affect. I've had ants come in through an electrical outlet before. Any tiny opening is sufficient for their single-file "column" to come marching through. Hurrah! Hurrah! The best thing to do is to apply a bait/poison like Amdro along the base of the exterior wall and use a few ant bait stations made for interior use in a few places in the kitchen. If the ones that you can get at the grocery or home improvement store don't do the trick then you can get better ones from your local pest control store that caters to the DIY market. The products available to a homeowner will be limited and regulated, but they are often effective. Always follow label instructions.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? Seems to me that it would depend on where the squeak is coming from. If it;s inside the mechanism, or somewhere where parts of the fan are rubbing tegether then some WD-40 would probably fix it right up, but if the whole mounting is wobbling and causing the mount to rub against the junction box then you might try tightening the mounting hardware or shimmiing it out with something to make the mounting tighter.
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? For the case of the power outages, there's basically two options -- UPS or other battery backup for the sump pump. (which only helps for as long as the batteries hold out) A water powered sump pump As for the flash flood issues -- you might be able to either regrade the area to change the catchment area that drains towards the door, and possibly add a lean-to roof to reduce the amount of rain into the area, or increase the size of the pump to deal with the increased flow. The water powered sump could also help in the case of the flash floods, as you'll have both the regular pump and the backup pump so long as the power's still on (and you route them separately, so they're not sharing an outflow route.)
What should I do about a gap between hardwood and drywall? Cordless 18v lithium ion impact driver. Drives screws and bolts so smoothly, quickly, and without torquing your wrist. Also relatively light, small, hangs on a belt, and battery lasts a long time. Makita BTD144 is one good example.
How do I change the remote frequency options in my ceiling fan? My Hampton Bay ceiling fan remote control is interfering with my neighbours. Inside the remote there are switches to adjust the remote frequency. Where in the fan do I make the corresponding adjustment? Do I have to take the fan down?
What kitchen counter material would you recommend and why? What are the pros and cons of various kitchen counter top materials? Granite Corian Concrete Laminate Quartz Silestone Other
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? What are some of the things that you need to consider if you have a sewage ejector pump regarding maintenance and prevention of abominable, excrable catastrophes? From what I gather this thing is akin to a giant garbage disposal with a pump that mashes up sewage and pushes it up to a point where it's above, elevation-wise, the nearest sewer line. It's probably most commonly used in old basements that have been dug out.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? We used Travina for all the counters throughout our new house. It has all the benefits of granite or quartz, but is about 50% of the cost. From the website... Travina® is composed of 70-80% natural aggregates and a special blend of high tech polymer resin for strength and durability. Cost Effective Travina® was designed to be a low cost alternative for kitchen counter tops. It is comparable in beauty to real stone, as durable as solid surface products, yet stays within an affordable price range for most budgets. Renewable Travina’s unique system makes it a renewable product. Very minor scratches can be removed with a single application of Travina® Final Coat. Deeper scratches can be taken care of by using a 400 grit sandpaper followed by Travina® Final Coat. In extreme cases, the manufacturer can renew almost any Travina® surface. Heat Resistant Travina® fillers are heat resistant, but we recommend you use a hot pad. Scratch Resistant Travina® products are scratch resistant. Although very sharp objects will scratch the surface, normal wear is typically undetectable. Travina’s unique appearance gives the product better ability to hide surface wear than its competition. Stain Resistant Travina® is a porous product, but neither the aggregate or the resins are susceptible to staining. Travina® Final Coat is an advanced 5-year sealer that holds up to common stains. Some acids, bleaches and citrus products can harm the surface.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? It depends on your fan. There will be a little control unit installed in the base of the ceiling fan, that is wired to the motor. With most fans, you can take off the base that covers the electrical box (above the fan if if is hanging from a short rod). There is usually one or two screws that hold this one. It is purely decorative, so do not worry about it holding the fan up. Under this, you will see the fan rod hanging from a metal structure. Usually inside this, there will be a control unit. They are typically about 4-5 inches long, 2-3 inches with, and less than an inch think. You may be able to change the DIP switches without removing it, but you may have to take the fan off to pull it out. It just depends how much space is in there. good Luck!
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? The switches for the fan are either in the lower bell housing or on top of the motor assembly. Check the lower bell first. There should be 3 or 4 small screws holding this on, remove them and carefully remove the light assembly. Look inside the bell to find the RF receiver, the switches are on this (you may have to pull it out to access the switches). If the RF receiver is not there it is probably on the motor assembly, in which case the fan will have to be taken down. Even if you have to take the fan down you should not have to disconnect any wiring, there should be a hook on the assembly so you can hang it from the mounting bracket while you adjust the switches. Depending on the ceiling clearance you may have to remove the blades, then remove the decorative ring near the ceiling. Carefully remove the screws that hold the fan to the mounting bracket, you should be able to hang the fan from a hook on the mounting bracket (so you don't have to hold the fan while you work). Inside this assembly you should see the RF receiver, adjust the switches and re-mount the fan.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? We are happy with our Granite. The only drawback is that we have to watch out for stain's - from oil or red liquids like red wine. And even then, as long as you don't let it sit overnight, you are fine, just wipe it up. After living with Corian and Formica, the ability to place very hot pans on the surface it a must. I can't tell you how convenient that is. depending on the style of granite and edge you use, it may actually be just as cheap as many of the other "cheaper" alternatives. We found that going to the local Granite supplier, was way cheaper than buying it from a kitchen place or major home improvement stores. In our case, we started at Home Depot, and we wanted to see larger samples. They told us to go look at their supplier's location. We went there, and they were like, just buy it from us directly, we not only supply it to Home Depot, but also install it for them, so we completely eliminated the middle man. Corian is also soft, and can be scratched. They will tell you, "we can fix scratches, and buff it out", but that costs money. Why not just get something that can't scratch. I am not 100% familiar with all the others listed. I would just recommend going with something that is heat resistant and scratch proof. If any other the other alternatives over granite are also less porous (resistant to stains) that would be a plus.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? In addition to the other comments, the garden hose may also be causing the problem. It may not allow enough flow of water to leave the basin fast enough. We have 1.5" pvc leaving the sump pump and that pipe discharges into the yard. Can you use the PVC that you said you have going into the yard instead of having the hose in the PVC?
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? Killing the ants is one thing, and the comments from others are good. However, you need to fix the root cause of the problem, which is hole that you can see daylight from. Spray foam will only deter them for a while. You should NEVER be able to see daylight through a wall from the inside of a home. I would take a good look outside and see how much of a gap existed before the foamed it. You may have to remove the siding to see everything, but I suspect the exterior wall may need to be patched.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? You left out butcherblock -- it can be cheaper than stone or 'solid surface' products (Lumber Liquidators sells both Cherry and Maple edge grain for $310-330 per 12' section). You can sand many problems right out of it (but it's self-healing like a wood cutting boad when kept oiled, or you can get it varnished for less maintenance required), and it's something you can install yourself, as it's wood and doesn't require fancy tools. The only disadvantage that I know of over the other surfaces you listed were if it were to get exposed to standing water, unsealed, and started to mold. And I'll admit -- I'm not a fan of granite or stone ... I can't see paying that much money for a countertop; it's one thing to have a marble or granite insert for a pastry station, particularly if it's something you can pull out to chill down before using, but I'd never do a whole kitchen in it. If I wanted stone, I'd go concrete, just from the DIY-persepective of it. You might want to re-ask this question on cooking.stackexchange.com for another perspective.
What should I consider when using a sewage ejector pump? A whinny noise suggests to me that it's likely something in the movement of the motor or attached assembly. Careful application of WD40 might be of some use if you can get it in past the blades, and closer to the motor itself. If that worked, but only for a short time, I would probably look for a way to open it up a bit (careful to turn off power first, and not just at the wall switch) and clean and oil more deeply. It's possible it's just dirty, but I would guess that it's a bit more likely some parts are starting to wear a bit. A slightly heavier oil (like 3-in-1 or similar), might give you slightly longer relief than WD40 but it will be harder to get into the right places.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I am living in a house where most electrical outlets are two prong. There are a smattering of three prong, in particular where an addition was put on. Am I hosed when it comes to where I can plug in electrical appliances that have three prong plugs?
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? Depends. It may be that the additional wire was just never terminated. You can see if you have all three pairs by shutting off the breaker, taking off the outlet cover and examining the wires going to your outlets. It may just be snipped off and you can put in the third leg rather easily.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I'm assuming you're in the US. Get a tester and see if the box is grounded. A two lead neon type tester works well for this. Insert one lead into one side of the two-prong outlet and touch the other lead to the screw that holds the plate on. Try the other side, too. You may have to scratch off some paint if the screw isn't bare metal. If it lights up that's good news. You can use a multi-meter set to read AC voltage or another type of tester instead of the neon one. If you have grounded boxes, you can either buy two-prong to three prong adapters that have a lug that you put the plate's screw through or you can buy replacement outlets that are designed for retrofitting in this application. Your other option is to have an electrician come in and upgrade your wiring to full grounding.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I've been in a similar situation, from the sound of it. There are tradeoffs associated with getting people in versus doing it yourself, and some may not be immediately obvious. There certainly are project managers that will do everything for you, from design through briefing contractors to levelling and final planting. They'll even come for regular visits for a few seasons afterwards to keep everything spick and span. The advantage of this approach is that they will do everything and you need have no skill whatsoever to get a great looking result. The disadvantage... is that they do everything, and they will not only charge you for their (expensive) time but also for their labourers, disposal, equipment hire, and so on and so on. In practice my experience is to steer clear of agents of this kind unless you really have to get it done immediately, for example if you want to sell the house this year. An alternative is to do everything yourself. It's actually quite feasible given enough time (longer than you might think!) to clear the land, burn or chip the brushwood, then hire diggers and dumpers to level the land. But there's a remarkable amount of skill in making sure that you keep the trees you want to keep and that the ground is correctly graded with stones removed, top-soil neat, and sub-soil buried. What I've found to work well is a middle way: I've done planning and unskilled work myself, then hired in sub-contractors to do the specialised work. So for our garden I spent a few weekends in the winter (when everything had died back) clearing to the ground, then in the spring (when the ground wasn't so waterlogged) had our local equipment hire firm supply a digger and a driver for a day to do the levelling. The fellow who came along was brilliant, truly an expert, and well worth the $300 or so we paid him for a long day. I've found this in other situations, too: the specialists who would typically work as sub-contractors on bigger building projects most often know as much, and sometimes much more, than the lead project managers about the specifics of specialised tasks. If the job is simple and you have plenty of time then there's nothing particularly complicated about managing good subcontractors.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I rented the Varathane sander as mentioned in the other post from Lowes. I also purchased the water based finish and sanding disks. There was an instruction booklet with the sander that walked you through the process. I used a handheld random orbital sander to sand in the corners. The entire process cost about $150 and took two days. I sanded down to the bare wood the first day, cleaned up and put one coat of finish on. I put 4 more coats on the next day with a light sanding before the last coat.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? The best argument I heard of for laminate is the cost. It is much cheaper to change out the countertop when trends and taste change. For the most part it is low maintenace as well.
How do I use three-prong appliances when my outlets are mostly two-prong? I had the same problem with a much bigger wall and I was using a small sledge hammer. No matter how hard I swung the hammer the wall wasn't moving. So I got a bigger sledge hammer . . . one that has a 4 foot handle and a 12 pound head. It was about $20 at Harbor Freight (cheap tools but they work for weekend jobs). I took one swing at the top (it was actually a concrete counter top on top of a big wall) and it broke into 5 big pieces that I could then break down. It was amazing. Crazy what a difference a bigger hammer will make.
Fighting mosquitos indoor I'm living close to the sea, so during the summer I'm bothered and attacked by many mosquitos and was wondering what kinds of repellents have been proven successful to get rid of these little critters. Are the candles any good? Update: Thanks for the answers provided so far. Maybe I should add that we have them indoor. One thing I don't wanna do is putting these mosquito nets in the windows, because they would destroy our beautiful sea view. We sleep under a mosquito net, so that is perfect. But I'm looking for something for the 3-4 hours before going to sleep, sitting on the couch and reading. Maybe I should also add, that I'm living in Spain, so if you recommend specific products they most likely are not available here. But I can try to find something similar.
Fighting mosquitos indoor Here is a similar answer from another question though this question is more multi-purpose. There are several kinds of drywall anchors and they each have their own weight rating. Some work by drilling a small hole and tapping in a plastic sleeve and others work by drilling a bigger hole and screwing a plastic sleeve and there are others where you drill a hole and the metal butterfly expands behind the drywall know as molly bolts. Then there are toggle bolts that are spring loaded metal wings that fold and have a long machine screw. Recently I saw anchors where you drill a 1 inch hole in the drywall and this big contraption grips the inside of the drywall and is effectively a bigger version of toggle bolts (made by Moen and they're called SecureMount). The biggest difference between each is how much weight they are rated to hold and how bit a hole you need to put into the drywall (and usually the bigger the hole in the drywall the more weight they can hold. I also found this useful link that has pictures and describes all the types mentioned (except the SecureMount of course . . . those are new and very much a niche product).
Fighting mosquitos indoor I have two citronella torches out on my deck. They provide a nice ambiance and I guess maybe they help a little, but we still get eaten up if we don't spray ourselves (or the yard). I've been thinking about some sort of mosquito netting to cover the entire deck area so we don't need the chemicals...
Fighting mosquitos indoor Cutter Backyard Bug Control works pretty well. It will clear out the mosquitoes for a couple of weeks but of course it is a chemical. Just attach it to your hose and spray your yard. The mosquitoes will be gone in the morning.
Fighting mosquitos indoor Not sure how well it works (haven't had a chance to use them, yet) but the Off Clip-on Mosquito Repellent seems quite convenient. You can clip them on and keep mosquitoes away while you work in the yard, this way you can't mistakenly wonder out of the protected range of candles, and you don't have to spray chemicals on your skin (that wear off as you sweat anyway). WebMD says "Mosquito traps, a relatively new product, may be the answer. They work by emitting substances that biting mosquitoes find attractive -- such as carbon dioxide, heat, moisture, and other mosquito-friendly byproducts. They attract, then trap or kill female mosquitoes. When placed strategically near breeding spots, "they have knocked [mosquito] populations down,"" Placing one of these Mega-Catch™ Alpha Mosquito Traps a little way from your deck or patio, should lure the mosquitoes away from you and into the trap.
Installing a shelf on a stucco-covered wall We have a wall in the workroom next to our kitchen where we'd like to put a long, shallow shelf. The wall is stucco, and I'm a little concerned about the wall crumbling or cracking around the pilot holes and brackets. Has anyone successfully installed shelves on a stucco wall? My concerns: Drilling the pilot holes: I don't want to crack the stucco, and there's a layer of what I think is concrete between the plaster and the studs in most of the walls in this house. I'm thinking a thin masonry bit would work here. Laying the shelf brackets: Since stucco isn't perfectly flat, the shelf brackets won't be perfectly against the wall. (We're thinking we'll use a bracket like these.)
Miter saw advice and recommendations I'm buying a power miter saw sometime this week; and early birthday present to myself. What should I consider and what brands do you all recommend? I'm not a contractor, web guy by trade, and do mostly weekend projects.
Miter saw advice and recommendations There are a few different things to look at: Compound vs. Non-Compound - This refers to the kind of cuts you can make with it. A compound saw can both swivel and tilt. A non compound saw usually just does one or the other. Almost all miter saws are compound, and that is probably what you want. Sliding vs. Non-Sliding - A sliding saw will let you cut bigger boards (2x10, 2x12, etc) but will be more expensive and quite a bit bulkier. I have a sliding saw, but honestly find that I hardly ever use the sliding feature. How often you use it will depend on how often you work with larger boards (2x8, 2x10, 2x12) 10" vs. 12". A 10" saw is good enough for most work and less expensive, but can only cut up to about a 2x6 in a single cut (unless it's a sliding saw). A 12" saw will cut 2x8 boards in a single cut. You can also cut 4x material easily on a 12" saw, while a 10" saw won't quite make it all the way through. My suggestion - if you plan on using it mostly for trim or framing work, buy a 10" compound non-sliding saw. If you plan to use it a lot for decking or outdoor work with larger boards or 4x material, get a 12" saw, maybe sliding if it's in your budget. As for quality items, here are a few things to look at: Does the miter gauge look accurate? Is it easy to read? If you adjust the saw, can you easily set it to within one degree of accuracy? Once you adjust the angle and set it, how tightly does it lock in? If it feels "sloppy" you'll have a hard time getting nice cuts. Brand wise, DeWalt makes some really nice ones, as does Hitachi.
Miter saw advice and recommendations I can't answer from a building perspective, but I from what I recall (working from memories over a decade old) from my geotechnical engineering classes: over 2 cm : rock 2cm to 2mm : gravel 2mm to 0.2 mm : sand Then you get to silt and clay at smaller sizes. I might be wrong on the boundary between rock & gravel, as the wikipedia page for gravel lists the upper limit o gravel at 64mm / 2.5 inches, and the lower limit of sand lower as well. You also see terms like 'coarse aggregate' and 'fine aggregate' when dealing with concrete mixing (fine tends to be sand or rock dust, coarse is larger). You've already seen the 'smooth' (aka 'river rock', aka 'pea gravel' when small) vs. 'crushed' (aka 'sharp') issue. Smooth will always leave voids and won't compact well, so I'd assume it'd be better in drainage situations There are also products available that are of mixed grade for better compaction (I've beard it called 'crusher base' or 'crusher run'), which are intended for compacting before your sand course for patios and the like. In some areas, you might also be able to find recycled crushed concrete. I'm not going to get into larger rock products, as there's just too many (flagstone, slabs, blocks (dimensional stone), tumbled blocks, cobbles and pavers, riprap, decorative boulders, etc.)
Miter saw advice and recommendations Mosquitos are repelled by lemon-scented items, so another possibility would be to plant lemon balm, lemon verbena or lemon eucalyptus around the doorways and under windows. It's also worth looking around for areas of standing water, to make sure that there aren't prime breeding areas close to your home.
Miter saw advice and recommendations The only thing I'd add to Eric's answer is to make sure you look at the most expensive model you can afford even it if has features you might not need. It's likely to be better quality and more durable that cheaper models (though unfortunately that's not guaranteed).
Miter saw advice and recommendations This is typical. It's called "grout haze", and you might have to wipe it off a couple of times before it won't reappear. You just need a clean, damp rag, and some scrubbing. If you didn't take it off immediately, it can set up, so you might need to check your local hardware store for 'grout haze remover' if water and elbow grease isn't doing it for you. Well, if it had been on the tile, it'd have been typical, but as Jeff pointed out, you said it was on the grout itself. I've never done colored grouts, so I have no idea if it's typical or not ... and you wouldn't want to scrub at the grout to remove the haze, particulary when the grout's fresh (which is when you want to remove it from the tile). Looking around on the internet, I found mention that leaving water-based grout sealer to evaporate could do it. They recommended re-sealing, and wiping off any excess, but others mentioned it took a lot of elbow grease and solvents. On another site, it was mentioned it could be too much water in the grout, and suggested vinegar or a stronger acid to clean, then resealing; a few people mentioned getting grout dye to cover it up, but you have to strip any grout sealer first.
Gluing Hardwood Floors? We recently had our house built, and included the "hardwood floors" upgrade. When we moved it we were pleased with the way the floors looked. Some time later, water started coming up from beneath the floors - there was a leak in our wall. When the builder came in to replace some of the damaged/warped boards in the floor, we learned that the floor was glued down to the concrete beneath. Is this normal? When the boards were pulled up, they were demolished in the process. They had to force them off of the glue beneath.
Gluing Hardwood Floors? Clearly water is getting into the connection, and that's bad. Look for the source of the water, how is it getting in, and is there something failing to prevent it that's supposed (like a clogged drain nearby, or faulty gaskets). Depending on where those connections are, the root probably may be a plumping, and not electrical. If the root problem isn't obvious and easy to fix, call an expert. I'd probably be inclined to start with someone who advertises working on hot tubs from a pool place instead of the electrician, but that would also depend on the price for getting someone to come out and take a look.
How do I run ethernet, speaker wire, and coax through a wall into a crawlspace? I would like to run three low-voltage cables from my entertainment center through an old plaster wall, down (1-3 feet) through the sill plate, and into the crawlspace. The cables are Ethernet, coaxial-something (for a roof mounted UHF/VHF TV antenna which we haven't installed yet) and speaker wire. Will this gang box will be too crowded? Is there an easy way to give me more space inside the gang box, or to deal with the thick coaxial cable? I might want to run additional wires into this box later, such as phone cable for our DSL connection, or maybe an HDMI connection to another room (but this is a fantasy). Since I have existing wires in the box, will routing new cables through this box and through be a problem? I have a raised crawlspace (4 feet high or more). I need to get the cables from behind the wall into the crawlspace. It looks like many people drill a hole through the sill plate and then route the cables through the hole. Is this recommended, or does it cause any structural issues? I would be drilling the hole from the crawlspace up into the wall. From the room above, I would then need to cut a hole through the plaster. Is there a way to make these two holes line up? I'm looking at the following products to make my life easier. Use some Leviton Quickport wall plates and snap in connectors. Use an low-voltage old-work gang box. I'm a little concerned about moisture coming in from the crawl space. Is this a problem?
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? I'm looking to pick up a cordless trimmer/weed-eater. I have a bit of an anti-noise bias, so I'm hoping to find something that's electric cordless, not a gas-powered one. Are there any trimmers of that sort that have decent power and battery life? Or is the very nature of the tool such that a cordless electric version won't be satisfactory? For what it's worth, I have a fairly small yard ~ 1/3 acre. Edit Gave the Black and Decker a whirl, and it was perfect - one battery on full charge, and I didn't even run it down doing the whole yard.
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? Yes, hardwood is often glued directly to concrete slab. It's a fairly common installation. That said, gluing down solid hardwood planks is more problematic and trouble-prone because the solid planks do not tolerate uneven floor very well. Engineered hardwood often works better for a glue-down application. Engineered hardwood is manufactured from layers of material laminated together, topped with a veneer of actual hardwood. The layers are chosen to allow the flooring to better tolerate environmental conditions, such as moisture, better than solid planks. Manufacturers also often cut slots on the back of the hardwood which allow it to flex and absorb the unevenness in a concrete slab.
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? You've got a lot of different questions, so I'll try to answer the ones I can: Coax sucks because of the necessary bend. You're better off going with a backless box like the one you linked to, because it makes running cables so much easier. (if you have a second person, have them push the cables up from below (or a straightened coat hanger or other wire to act as a needle, if the bundle of cables is too floppy), and then snag it from the hole with a wire bent into a hook) ... which you can't do as easily if you mount a box with little punchouts. Also, you then don't have to worry about crowding the box, etc. It's easier to run lots of cables at once. What what you're planning already, I'd likely run an extra cat5e/cat6 cable, and then get an HDMI-over-twisted-pair (aka HDMI-over-cat5) extender if you wanted to go that route, or re-terminate it for RJ11 if you wanted to change it over to phone. I don't know of any other way to get cables/pipes through the sill other than drilling, and it's allowed for plumbing, electrical, etc, so long as you then spray foam the holes afterwards (at least, it's required in my area, might not be in yours). You only need to line up well enough to get it in the same bay, so you have a ~14.5" target. I cut the hole for the box first, then check to verify the location of the studs (I don't use hardware that requires me to attach to a stud, so I just have to make sure to miss it when cutting my hole), then measure off of some reference point that I'll be able to find down below. (electrical runs, walls, etc.) If nothing else, you can use plumbing or electrical for identifying where the walls are from below. To avoid humidity issues, use spray foam to seal around the cables. (see #3). It may even be required by code in your area.
What are some recommended cordless trimmers/weed-eaters? I'd agree with the masonry bit (as well, stucco is rough on drill bits anyway) of whatever size is recommended for the wall anchors you're using. I'd been reluctant to post a response, as I had no idea what do do for the wall without flattening down that section, but I have a completely untested idea -- If the stucco isn't too extreme in its texture, and you're not going to be putting lots of load on the shelf, you might be able to cut a piece of foam to use as backing, and then tighten it to the wall to compress the foam so it's not too bouncy. You're likely going to want extra (or heavier) bolts for this; there won't be friction against the wall, so the bolts are going to be taking the whole load in sheer. Also, you won't have the same support against moment. I was thinking some of the stiffer spray-foam might work, but if you wanted to make it removable without damage (and if you didn't, you'd just flatten the wall), you'd need to add some release agent, which might stain the wall, or go through some hoops to pull this off: Make a frame the size of the bracket, open on the side against the wall, and an extra hole (see below). Figure out where you want to mount the bracket. Tape a plastic bag large enough to full the frame on the end of a can of spray foam. Stuff the bag in the frame through the hole. Hold the frame where you want to mount the bracket, and inject the spray foam. Wait for it to set up. Repeat steps 2 through 6 for each additional bracket location. You might be able to do something similar with other products to mold to the wall, but all of the ones I can think of have slower set times which would make it really slow going.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? I have a circuit that powers several things in my house: Kitchen microwave Basement lights Basement sockets Sump pump Recently, this circuit has been thrown with alarming frequency when I use the microwave. No other combination of uses has thrown it. It seems especially likely to throw if the microwave is used after a big rain (when the sump pump is active). This is not something I encountered in the first 2 years of owning the house, however it has happened a couple dozen times in the last six months. Any ideas on what it could be and how to fix it? Will it cause permanent damage to not fix? If it's relevant, I plan to sell the house in about a year.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? I've never used a cordless trimmer, but from the reviews that I read online, I decided against the cordless option. Problems I've read about include a short battery life and not enough power. If you've got a long fence line like I do, the battery life is a big drawback. (Just for reference, I've got ~1/2 acre, mostly fenced.) And if you tend to let your grass get a little long between mowings, then the power issue is a big drawback. On the other hand, most consumer-use gas trimmers are in the $200+ range (some in the $100's) and I've seen corded or cordless electric trimmers for $40. So I guess it boils down to cost vs. performance. I recently purchased an Echo SRM-225 after quite a bit of research, so I might be a little bit biased, but I'm not in the least bit disappointed by it. I did spring for a nicer gas powered trimmer, so you might not see as much of a difference between a cheap gas powered one and an electric one.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? Circuit breakers can wear out over time, so probably the first thing to do would be to replace it (check your local codes to see if it's something you can do yourself or if you need to call in an electrician). If you do have an electrician look at it, you might also consider splitting that circuit into two or more. A 1000W microwave will take about 9A (1000W / 115V for the magnetron, plus some overhead for the motor and the electronics), and the first few search results for "sump pump" show current ratings of around 10A. You're already close to the limit for a 20A circuit, even without any basement lights on! I don't know much about sump pumps (don't have one myself), but electric motors generally take more power the harder they have to work, so if there's something clogging its intake or outlet, clearing it might solve your problem.
Why does my microwave keep throwing the circuit breaker? It seems especially likely to throw if the microwave is used after a big rain (when the sump pump is active). As well as the load as mentioned by Niall, any moisture in the air can affect electrical circuits. So if your breakers are in the cellar - where it's damper - that might be enough to trip it.
Should my toilet flange sit on top of the backer board or the tile of the floor? The bathroom model saga continues. The old toilet flange was rusting, and the subfloor was rotting, so I pulled up the subfloor around the toilet, and replaced the drain pipe with ABS, and an elbow. The plan is to tile this bathroom. So my question is- should the toilet flange sit on top of the backer board so that the top of the flange is close to flush with the top of the tile? Or should the flange sit on top of the tile (thus raising the top of the flange 3/8" or so over the top of the tile)? I've seen it recommended both ways, but have had some trouble finding the pros/cons of each.
Should my toilet flange sit on top of the backer board or the tile of the floor? What Joe said, and... If your "plaster" walls are lath-and-plaster, you'll probably find it easier to mount the box horizontally because you'll have to cut through fewer lath to make the opening (you might get away with just cutting one). A previous owner of my house did this for some receptacles; IMO they look odd, but if your box will be behind an entertainment center, it doesn't make any difference.
Should my toilet flange sit on top of the backer board or the tile of the floor? You want the flange to be secured to the floor as tightly as possible. If it's on top of the tile, I think you run the risk of cracking the tile when you're tightening the nuts on the flange, so I say attach it to the backer-board.
What is the best way of plumbing a bathroom so as to avoid temperature fluctuations in the shower? Everyone has been in a shower where you can tell when someone flushes a toilet, opens a kitchen tap, etc, as the temperature rapidly changes. There's also other places where the shower is virtually unaffected by anything else. Is there a way of plumbing in lines (either using a certain size pipe, or certain order of branches) to minimize the sensitivity? Do pro plumbers ever pay attention to this, or do they just do whatever is the shortest run? In my current house, the shower never changes temperature, despite use of dishwasher, laundry, toilets or other taps. There is a 3/4" line that runs one direction for cold, and another 3/4" line running the opposite direction for hot (the hot water tank is on the exact opposite side of the house from where the cold water comes in). On the cold side, there is the kitchen sink first, and then the bathroom (and I'm 99% sure based on positioning that the shower is first, followed by toilet, then sink). On the hot side, there is a 1/2" line that comes off first for the laundry and downstairs half-bath, and then the bathroom in the same order as before.
What is the best way of plumbing a bathroom so as to avoid temperature fluctuations in the shower? One way to ensure that the shower temperature doesn't vary is to install a thermostatic mixer. While you might get reduced flow when someone else uses water in another part of the house the temperature will remain constant.
Do I need an electrician to install a whole house surge protector? We have some pretty terrible storms and a pretty terrible power company where I live. We experience power surges quite often. So I'm interested in installing a whole-house surge protector. Is this something I would probably want an electrician to install, or is it something I could do myself?
Do I need an electrician to install a whole house surge protector? It partially depends on your competency with electrical work, and what kind of surge protector you get. There are two basic models I know about: Square-D makes a module that mounts the same way as a standard QO breaker in the panel: http://surgelogic.com/residential/surgebreaker-secondary-surge-arresters/. It is very easy to hook up, you plug it in just like a breaker, and simply run the one line to ground. (This is a "Type 2" device). There are other companies that make these as well, be sure to get one that can fit in your panel (each company does it differently). There are also several types of external boxes which go beside the main panel, and hook up to a 220V circuit. These are possibly a bit harder to install (you need to run conduit typically), but may offer better protection and sometimes also have surge protection for phone lines and cable. These come in both Type 1 and Type 2. If you're comfortable opening the panel and installing a new breaker, then really either of these methods is okay, though the first is definitely easier. The "type" I referenced above boils down to (and this is new to me, correct me if I get it wrong): Type 1 are designed for direct lightning strikes, though you may need a lighting protection system (rod) to take advantage of it. Type 2 are designed for indirect lightning strikes. Note, having this doesn't mean you don't need surge protection on individual devices. It certainly takes a way a lot of the risk, but it doesn't eliminate it. For expensive items or things that are very sensitive (eg, computer, home entertainment system) it's worthwhile to put a powerbar-style surge protector right at the equipment).
Do I need an electrician to install a whole house surge protector? This sounds like pure luck that you haven't had problems before. Niall has the ratings right: My microwave says 1100W power output, and 1500W max power use (which is 13A), and a 1/3HP sump pump is 9.5A (or 10A for a 1/2 HP pump), with a peak around 15A when it first starts up. If this is a 20A circuit, you're likely over the limit, and if it's a 15, you're definitely over. After rain is very easy to explain: your sump pump is coming on more often. The starting surge of sump pump is around 5A, and the microwave probably has a surge of at least 2A when it starts up. Basement lights are easy to figure out, just add up the wattage of the bulbs (and current in Amps = # Watts / 115V). Likewise for anything plugged into the basement outlets. Since the sump pump turns on and off at random times depending on the water level, it's likely that any time it tries to start while you have the microwave going it's tripping the breaker. When the microwave is on a lower power setting, it may not cause the same problem. If possible, your best bet is to run a new circuit for the microwave: by the sounds of it, it's been retrofitted, and someone just picked the nearest circuit. I would try to find where it was added (assuming unfinished basement or at least access to the ceiling or other relevant areas), and add a junction box and a new line back to the panel, and give it its own 20A circuit. Next best is to run a new circuit for the sump pump. You'll still have the issue with anything plugged into the basement outlets, but at least that's more controllable.
How much should it cost to add a circuit breaker? In this question, I asked about problems between my circuit breaker for a circuit shared by my microwave and sump pump. The conclusion was that another circuit should be added to support the microwave on its own. I have open spots for breakers in the box. Assuming I have an electrician do this job, how much should I expect it to cost? If location is a variable, I'm in central Maryland. Note that the new circuit could be added to support only the sump-pump in an unfinished basement. So my thinking is that it should be one of the easiest additions possible.
How much should it cost to add a circuit breaker? I own this cordless string trimmer: Black and Decker NST2018 ($100) It comes with two batteries, so if the first one goes dead, you can pop in the second one and keep going. (Always keep the spare one in the charger!) I am happy with its performance. My lot is 0.35 acres. I use it to trim along my driveway, sidewalk, swing set, and a few flower beds. I don't have a fence around my lot, or anything that requires extended use. My usual trimming routine takes ~30 minutes, not counting cleanup. I can usually finish the trimming in a single battery charge. If I have neglected the yard for a while, it might take 1.5 battery charges to do everything. It has an auto-string feed, which hasn't failed me yet. You can rotate the trimmer 90 degrees to do edging work. I do this along the edge of my sidewalk and driveway. Makes a really "sharp" line, which looks nice. It is pretty convenient to use. No cords to drag around the yard, no engine to service. However the battery does have its limits. It starts out with decent power, but as the battery starts to wear down in the last few minutes, the motor RPMs will decrease. It will still trim, just not as well. If I had a larger lot, or a fence, or more things to trim around (garden, lots of landscaping features, etc), I would probably need something more powerful. If your trimming routine is similar to mine, it should be OK for you. My string trimmer is part of a larger Black and Decker 18V Yard System. I also own the hedge trimmer and leaf blower from the set. Since the batteries are interchangeable, I have plenty of spares and chargers. Do you need other yard power tools? If so, consider getting a set with interchangeable batteries. When I got my yard tools, the Lithium Battery stuff was still pretty new, and no one was offering an interchangeable set. Now there are at least a few on the market, so you may want to consider them over what I have. Have never used one though, so I can't make a specific recommendation.
How do I fix a ceiling fan that won't turn off? I have a ceiling light/fan fixture in one of my rooms connected to a single electrical switch. There are two pullchains on the fixture, one that controls the light, the other controlling the fan. I'd expect the fan chain to switch it among fast, slow, and off. However, whenever the switch is on, the fan motor is running, and the chain just switches between fast and slow. Is there something wrong with this fixture? Is it just wired wrong, and should have two separate switches?
How do I fix a ceiling fan that won't turn off? Depends on how it is wired. The single switch will control the fan and light simultaneously. If you want the light off, then you pull the chain for the light. The nice part about having the light on a different switch is you can simply go into a room without having to turn on the fan every time and have a nice bright fixture in the room. The downside is that you have to hit the switch every time since the pull chain kind of loses its purpose and is now redundant. Now, whether you have three speeds or not is up to the manufacturer of the fan. Most fans made recently have three speeds. We have to know the make/model to find out for sure. Doubt it is broken though.
Should I hire an architect to design my house? I am planning to build a house for my family. It's relatively simple and modest by modern American standards. I plan to do much of the work myself, and want to keep costs down. I have been working on some designs, but I wonder what a professional would bring to the table. Some guesses: Easier time at the permit office, as architect knows the codes, draws pretty pictures, and the permit officer knows what to expect. Architect will offer clever solutions to difficult problems. Architect will be able to "see" the completed house, from drawings, better than I can, and knows what will work well. Architect will cost an arm and a leg. Architect will want a house to be fancy or make a statement about society.
How do I get started with dovetail joints? I've never made a dovetail joint before, and I'd like to do things right for my next project. I have the router and table and all that - but I don't have a dovetail jig. The prices vary from $40 to well over $400. Do I need to buy a special jig, or is there a way I can just buy the router bit for $10 and make my own template somehow?
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? I recently started looking into installing a glass shower door for my stall shower. The shower is a one-piece fiberglass pre-fab shower. I assume I need a stud on at least one side of the door to screw the frame into. (through the shower, into the wall, into a stud.) My problem is that I checked both walls and found out that the studs aren't lined up on both sides. Luckily, the side I would put the hinge on lines up with the edge of the shower. It makes sense to me that the majority of the force/moment is going to be on the hinge side of the frame. However, I'm worried about what might happen if the shower door is slammed shut, applying a large impulse to the side of the frame not anchored into a stud. So am I screwed because my builder didn't have enough foresight to line up the studs on both sides of the shower, or is one side good enough? EDIT: What type of anchors should I use, if I decide to put in the shower door with only a stud on the hinge side? Should I drill out the fiberglass and stick an anchor just in the drywall behind it? Do anchors exist that will span the 1.5" gap between the fiberglass shower and the drywall?
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? It is fairly simple to add an additional breaker to a box but of course there would be some sort of minimum charge to come out and also the cost of the breaker, so probably around $100. BUT that assumes the actual line for the sump pump/microwave (the one you want to put on the new circuit) is all by itself. I have seen some interesting wiring in old houses where one thing is wired to the next which is wired to the next and eventually all of it goes back to the same breaker. The electrician might need some time to figure out how the microwave and/or sump pump are currently wired before being able to propose a solution. If this is the case then I would expect a much higher bill (since this is no longer a trivial "install a new breaker" job).
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? When I redid my bathroom (added backer board and tile to replace linoleum) I had to raise the flange too. All I did was cut a piece of plywood to fit around the flange and raise it about the same as the backer board. I agree with Niall C.'s answer not to put it over the tile since it could easily crack but I also think the backer board would break easily too considering the screws for the flange would be very close to the edge of the backer board. But in my case, I didn't realize that I needed to raise the flange until after the tile was in and a piece of plywood worked really well in that situation. :)
Do I need a stud on each side to install a swinging shower door? Yes. And in many districts, it is a requirement to have an architect design while an engineer examines and seals the plans.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? We are redecorating our hall. We have stripped all the wallpaper off and have discovered that the plaster behind is not in great condition. What suggestions do people have for preparing a slightly damaged wall for painting? (See photos below) Our budget is fairly low. I think a professional re-plaster is probably out of the question. Is lining paper a sensible option? Are there any other products or techniques suitable? The house is ~1920s. Update: I've had a quote from a plasterer - £400 to have the hall & stairs fully re-plastered. I know it's hard without seeing the size, but does this sound reasonable for a short hall and stairs? It's also way above my budget though so any other cheaper suggestions or advice would still be welcome. 80% of the wall is passable. The plaster is fairly smooth although there are lots of little bumps. I'm assuming that sanding it down to remove bumps and polyfilla to fill cracks will be sufficient here. Followed by a normal priming process (50/50 paint/water). Higher-res Around 15% of the wall has worse damage. Bits of the top layer (~1mm) of plaster are missing. I don't think polyfilla will work here as I'd end up layering it over large areas. Higher-res Finally, about 5% of the wall has big cracks: Higher-res
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? You may be OK if you use proper anchors. I assume this is drywall. The shower door shouldn't be that heavy but you certainly don't want a bunch of glass raining down on someone. It would probably be a good idea to put a stud if you still don't feel the anchors will work for you.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Taking things in reverse order: With the large areas firstly remove any remaining loose plaster. Trying to patch without doing this is a waste of time. Then with the large areas you'll need to replaster. You can either take this as an opportunity to learn or pay someone. I won't tell you how to plaster as it's really a skill you have to be shown or practise yourself, though I do have a couple of bits of advice. Don't try to plaster the whole wall in one go. Take it in stages and make sure you dampen the wall you're plastering onto as it helps the plaster stick. With the areas missing the top coat of plaster you will need to reskim. This should be done after fixing the base coat. You might find a plasterer willing to skim over your base coat - discuss it before you start. This will give you a good finish but should cost less than hiring a plasterer to do the whole job. Getting a good skim finish takes a lot of practice. Finally the areas with only minor cracks and bumps should be filled and sanded before proceeding. If you manage to get a good surface then painting is the best option. If not then paper the wall with two layers of lining paper. The first runs horizontal and the second vertical. This will smooth out most of the remaining unevenness in the wall. Before papering wash the walls with a weak glue solution this will stop all the glue from the paper being absorbed into the plaster and the paper lifting off the wall. I should have added that you need to leave the plaster to fully dry out before painting or papering. That might have been one of the reasons why the previous repair has failed. UPDATE The quote you have doesn't seem unreasonable but without knowing the exact area you need replastering or your location it's difficult to say for certain. However, we shouldn't be getting into commenting on exact quotes as they are always going to be too localised (in time and space). Get another quote to compare it against - that's always going to be the best option. Also as I said above see if you can get the plasterer just to do the final skim - it should come out cheaper.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? If you are using a router you will need some sort of edge/jig to guide the cut, otherwise you won't get a straight line. In the first instance I'd buy a cheap(ish) one and see how you get on. Then if you want to do more advanced pieces buy a more expensive jig. BTW I learnt to do dovetail joints with a dovetail saw and mallet & chisel. You can use a mitre saw, but a dovetail saw is finer.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Without significant care, a homemade jig won't allow the pieces to mesh properly when you're finished. Commercial jigs are accurate down to hundredths or thousandths of an inch, and it's unlikely you'll get the same level of accuracy. That said, as ChrisF mentioned, commercial jigs and routers are a fairly modern invention but dovetail joints are not. So using your own jig you may need to do more manual work to get them to fit. As my father (a professional carpenter for about 40 years) noted, "a 'master carpenter' is just a carpenter with enough experience to know how to hide his mistakes."
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Here's a good tutorial on hand-cut dovetails. There are two schools of thought - pins first and tails first. It doesn't really matter, it's more about how you were taught. This one is pins first. How I Make Hand-Cut Dovetails
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? I don't agree with: Architect will want a house to be fancy or make a statement about society Ask around for recommendations. A good architect is like a graphic designer -- they're paid to make you happy by turning your vision into a reality. Yes, there are quite a few out there who deal in the ultra-fancy, but there's quite a few out there who like nice, simple lines and know how to get good value / convenience / etc out of a space. (is that making a statement about society? well, maybe, I guess). Any time someone says that they put something into their house because the architect wanted it, that's a sign not to go with the architect -- the architect can build their own house if they want stuff in there, this is your house, and you should only put in things you actually want. (although, I do recommend a roof ... they come in handy. And some doors & windows) Some architects specialize in certain types of houses, and they're not all equally great in all fields, so you might need to ask around. You should be able to find one that matches what sort of things you're looking for (mansions vs. homey vs. modern vs. efficient, etc). Yes, they are going to cost you money, but they're also going to save time in some aspects, and if they can keep you from building a bad design by identifying a problem before it's built, they're invaluable. (disclaimer -- I wanted to be an architect, and went to a school planning on transfering out after my core classes were done, but never did ... I did take some architectural history classes and stuff like that, though)
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? For a cheap and pretty good option, I would check out the jig Harbor Freight sells. A lot of people say it's really good for the $25-$35 price point. I personally cut them by hand (with a dovetail saw, $10 at Sears, and chisels) which is pretty quick for one-offs (no setup really required) and doesn't require any special jigs. If you look up handcut dovetails on YouTube you can watch some people do it and decide how easy/hard it looks.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? Thats great that you are looking to do a lot yourself. We did the same. So I drew up the initial plans, which totally spelled out what we wanted, overall size, rooms, etc. But my drawings were no where near that what was needed for the permits, for building drawings (any subs that you may use), and for materials when you take them to the lumber yard. I was able to take my plans to an architect, and ask for a official set of building plans. They may make some suggestions for you, but if you are clear that you just want building drawings, they will know what you need. This will typically cost $1,000. Not too much when you think of the ocst of the entire project.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? You can use either a designer or an architect, but depending on where you are building and the complexity of the home, you may need an engineer to stamp the plans. For more detailed info in deciding which is a better fit for you, I'd go to http://OwnerBuilderBook.com. The forums there were invaluable when I owner-built my own home.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? ChrisF gives some great advice about how to fix the plaster, but I might suggest something else. Given that about 20% of the wall is damaged to the point that you'll probably need professional help to repair it, I would strongly consider just putting up some new 3/8" drywall over the existing plaster.
How should I prepare damaged plaster for painting? This is why I would never hire someone who only does new construction. They don't take pride in their work, they only do enough so that the new homeowner doesn't complain. To really fix this problem permanently, you are really going to have to "dig" into the wall. Which is why the builder just put in some spray foam. Otherwise they would have had to spend more money, without getting another dime from you. It might be worthwhile to have someone, other than the builder, come over and look at it with you, even if you have to hire them yourself.
Can vinyl siding be painted or stained? Can vinyl siding be painted or stained, and more importantly, does it last or will I be repainting every year like a wood sided house?
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? I know there are a lot of possible factors that go into determining the size of the air-conditioning system a house needs. Is there a standard way of calculating what is needed, or do A/C companies each devise their own method? Is there a guide somewhere to aid a home-owner in figuring it out?
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? Get a plasterer in - you will be astonished at how little it costs and how quickly they'll do the job. A good plasterer (in Gloucestershire, UK; urban prices will be more) shouldn't cost more than c. £150-£250 / day all found; in a day they should manage to replaster a complete 10' x 10' room without problems. Smaller rooms should cost less. Ask around for advice and get lots of quotes. We had a wall 30' x 7' in similar looking condition to yours and estimates ranged from £250 to over £1000! When you get estimates, say you'll be finishing the wall by painting even if you intend to paper. Lining paper can hide slight uneven-ness so if your plasterer isn't so good he'll cut corners. I'd be worried about the plaster in the last photo. What made it come off? (I'm assuming you're in the UK, BTW, as you mention good-ol' polyfilla.)
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? Yes, you can paint it. Make sure you clean it very well (use a TSP Cleaner) and then use a primer first (although some sites say you can get away without a primer). Also make sure to paint it a lighter color than the current one: I assume you're painting with a lighter color paint - vinyl siding painted a dark color can have problems with warping and expansion in direct sun. from http://newsgroups.derkeiler.com/Archive/Alt/alt.home.repair/2008-08/msg03475.html The expected life of the paint job will be dependent on the weather conditions for that area of the house and probably be about the same as a wood sided area.
How can I calculate how large an airconditioner my house needs? To roughly calculate the required BTU output of an air conditioner you will need to total up the results of six calculations. Square footage of area to be cooled. (Length x Width) x 337 Area of south facing windows. (Height x Width) x 871 Area of north facing windows. (Height x Width) x 166 Heat produced by people (# of people x 400) Heat produced by lights (Total wattage of all lights x 4.25) Total heat produced by appliances (Total wattage of all appliances x 3.15) Add all of these numbers up to determine the BTU output required of the air conditioner (Source). You could also use a site like this Air Conditioner Sizing Worksheet to make the calculations.
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? I want to build a deck off the back of my house. The door is near grade level, about 1' above. The grade doesn't have very large slope, so that means that the beam at the far end would be below grade: Note: Forgive the crude pen-drawing i sketched out at work. Didn't really want to bother with plenty of workspace, pencils or rulers. Am i allowed to use beams when they are this close to grade? i was thinking that metal bracket holding up the beam, and the lower part of the beam, can be filled with crushed stone: My question is: is this allowed? Even if the beam is pressure treated, and even if it is surrounded in whatever is desired (from nothing, to earth, to crushed stone), is this allowed? Tags: desk, beam, footing, crushed stone, below grade
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? You'll want to check out the ENERGY STAR Air Conditioning Sizing Calculator.
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? Sure, you can do that. Rather than using a beam though, just use some of those pre-cast concrete pier blocks (like in this article). If you really want to use a beam instead (it might be cheaper) you'll want to make sure the treated wood you use is rated for ground contact. You might have a hard time finding ground-contact rated 2x6's at a local home store, but they probably do carry ground-contact rated 4x6's that you could use instead. Another option would be to use railroad ties for your "beam". just dig a trench, fill it with gravel, level it out, compact it, and set the railroad ties on top (note - railroad ties are much heavier than they look).
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? In Massachusetts, you can use wood for foundations as long as it is the right kind of pressure-treated wood. “All lumber and plywood shall be treated in accordance with AWPA C22, and shall bear the label of an accredited agency showing 0.60 retention.” 780 CMR 5402.1.2 I think that means that your beam can be underground. You will need to treat cuts and holes with copper napthenate: “Where lumber and/or plywood is cut or drilled after treatment, the treated surface shall be field treated with Copper Napthenate, the concentration of which shall contain a minimum of 2% copper metal, by repeated brushing, dipping or soaking until the wood absorbs no more preservative.” The footings for your beam will need to be frost protected, i.e., “extend a minimum of 48 inches below finished grade at all points” (5403.1.4) One alternative is to build a patio instead of a deck. A deck is defined by 780 CMR 5202 as an “exterior floor system supported on at least two opposing sides by an adjoining structure and/or posts, piers, or other independent supports.“ You will need to add at least four inches of gravel or crushed stone on top of the compacted dirt. Gravel should be 3/4 inch or smaller, and crushed stone should be 1/2 inch or smaller (780 CMR 5504.2.1). Between the gravel or stone and the wood, you should put a six-mil (0.15 mm) polyethylene moisture barrier with six-inch overlaps between the pieces of plastic (780 CMR 5504.2.2). (Warning: amateur reading of the building code.)
Can I build a deck this low to the ground? From this article http://burnettplumbing.com/tenways/; Step #6 talks about a sewage ejector pump: If you have a sewage ejector pump in your basement, plan for the fact that it will eventually fail. These pumps operate in a very harsh environment (submersed in sewage) and often fail after just a few years. Failure of your pump could mean sewage back-up in your basement. The risk of a damaging back-up is especially high if you have a water softener which drains into the sewage ejector system. If the softener regenerates while the ejector pump is not functioning, you could end up with up to 100 gallons of sewage backing up through the floor drain. All of this could happen at night while you are asleep, that is when most softeners regenerate. Consider installing an alarm in your sewage ejector tank. An alarm is designed to buzz loudly in the event of pump failure. Assuming you're home when this occurs, you should have ample time to shut-off your water before the sewage reaches flood level. Remember, alarms can fail too! It is best to NOT store valuable items on the basement floor if they could be damaged by water or sewage flooding.
Moisture/Dew on Roof in Morning I just had a new roof installed and it looks decent enough. They replaced my metal ventilation with some plastic vents, which is fine, but I'm not sure if it was enough. I had a two layers of asphalt shingles before. It was a pretty thick roof. Sometimes when I wake up in the morning, there is a very clear line of moisture that exists over the house, but not the garage. (it could be vice-versa, but I'm pretty sure it's over the house) This was not the way I remember it before. Now he's mumbling something about insulation, but none of that has changed. What should I do to verify that the proper amount of ventilation or types of vents were used? Is this even my problem at all?
Can you do electrical work yourself in the UK? I have been told that you are not allowed to do any electrical work yourself in the UK and need a qualifies sparkie to do it all. Is this true? What can you do yourself?
Can you do electrical work yourself in the UK? You can still do electrical work yourself. What you do need is to get a registered electrician to verify that what you've done is safe apart from some "minor" jobs like changing sockets or moving them a short distance. What you might find is that a lot of electricians won't verify your work, so you end up having to get them to do the job. I've found a check list on DIY Doctor of what you can do yourself and what jobs need to be notified and checked. Installation of an additional socket - Notification not required Installation of a new shower circuit - Notification required
Can you do electrical work yourself in the UK? You mentioned snow, and that's the only metric i know about. You want there to be more snow. When there is frost, or snow, on your roof - it should not be melting from the heat of your house. The attic is supposed to be insulated, but the roof is supposed to be not insulated. In my (southern Ontario) winters there will be frost on everyone's roof. If frost is melted where the roof joists are - i know their attics are not insulated enough (or the roof is over-insulated). In other words, this is bad: The roof is supposed to be freezing, just like the outside. Melting snow means that heat is leaking. Snow is how i know i can see when an attic is not sufficiently insulated, or the attic is not letting out enough heat, or the spaces between the rafters do not have those styrofoam channel things which let cold air reach the underside of the roof sheathing. But all you have to go on is moisture, and dew. i don't know how dew reacts with an under-insulated attic/over-insulated roof. i would assume everything's fine. i know that dark materials, while the best at absorbing heat, are also the best at releasing heat. i would think that the dark shingles have cooled off during the night, and water is condensing out on them. But if it's the middle of the (hot August) day, and the shingles are still so cold that water is condensing on them - then something has to be freezing your shingles. That would have to be your air-conditioning; leaking to your attic and roof. But insulation is not the job of the guy who replaced your shingles. And the fact that the roof can cool off enough during the night to allow condensation - makes me think that your attic is vented fine. i'd say not worry about it, and wait for fall and check for melting frost, or snow, come winter.
Buzz in my electronics I bought a house that had a lot of fluorescent lighting installed. The kitchen has four fixtures with 2 42" bulbs each. The front bathroom has a fixture. The garage has 12 fixtures. The shed has 8 fixtures. There are a lot of them. But I get a buzz in my electronics. Buzz on my computer. Buzz on my stereo. Et cetera. I have gotten around it on the stereo with a power conditioner. I think putting all the lights on one circuit will be troublesome since I think it would require rewiring most of the house. Is there anything I can do myself without hiring an electrician to do major work?
Buzz in my electronics I've found that electric (and especially coordless) trimmers arn't powerful enough to do the kind of edging I want (and especially since I don't cut the grass often enough). I don't like the noise (or the extra pollution from the two cycle engine that burns the oil and gas) but it was the only option . . . until now! My next trimmer will be propane powered! I saw a Craftsman version but I really like the ones y Lehr (although I don't like how they use the "eco" branding . . . looks too much like Echo, the maker of my current trimmer).
Buzz in my electronics It probably depends on climate as much as it does the square footage of your house but the general rule is one ton for every 400-500 square feet of house. There are a ton of other factors like vaulted ceilings and if you have dual pane windows and if you have 2x6 construction and therefor more insulation in the walls but for the most part none of that is going to factor into the unit. It goes more like this: Contractor: How big is your house? You: about 1900 square feet Contractor: I see the house is older You: Yeah, it was built in the 50s Contractor: 5 ton it is! or Contractor: How big is your house? You: about 1900 square feet Contractor: I see the house is newer You: Yeah, it was built in the 90s Contractor: 5 ton it is!
Buzz in my electronics you could use a Construction adhesive like Liquid Nails or Beats the Nail. This works well for cap stones, since they are usually not a structural part of the wall.
What are the pros and cons of Milgard vs Jeld-Wen windows? I am replacing old window. The new window will be 69 1/2 inches wide and 59 1/2 inches tall. I am thinking vinyl, two-vent slider (three equal sizes). Home Depot suggests Jeld Wen ($500) for vinyl. A contractor quoted me Milgard (not sure of the price since it includes labor). Is there any pros/cons to one brand or the other?
Replace rotting porch treads with trex? My front porch has some treads and the bottom riser are rotting out. I'd like to replace the surface with Trex if possible. Is it as simple as removing treads and risers and replacing with Trex boards?
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable My rear screened porch has some has 2x2s that hold the screens in place and many of them are rotted from moisture. It looks like they are plain old 2x4s that were ripped down (though I'm not sure) and then painted (poorly) with exterior paint. What type of wood and should I use to replace them? I do wish to paint them to match the rest of the house. Or can I use any good quality wood and prime and paint with a good paint?
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable As long as you make sure that the wood is isolated from the source of moisture as much as possible (or better still remove the source) then any decent quality wood properly primed and painted should be OK. I would also consider getting the wood treated first.
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable Can you isolate the problem to any specific lights? Of course, obvious question, but if all the lights are off does it go away? Does the buzzing get louder as you turn more lights on? It's possible that this is caused by older magnetic ballasts (which themselves typically buzz). You could try replacing just the ballasts with electronic ballasts, just be sure they are equivalent and pay attention to the difference in wiring. It may also mean that you need new bulbs, as you may not be able to find an electronic ballast with the same characteristics, but that's not maybe not terrible since T8 bulbs (1" diameter) are supposed to be better and more readily-available than T12 bulbs (1.5" diameter).
What type of wood for moist exterior location that is also paintable Cedar would be a good choice, if you want something untreated.
How do you remove the stick-on child safety locks from appliances? I have a few stick-on child safety locks, such as this one found on Amazon. When it comes time to remove them, what should I do to avoid destroying the finish on the appliances? They are stuck on really well and won't budge by hand.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? I live in Portland, OR. Rainy city. I will be expanding the deck at my house and in the process, I'm thinking I might upgrade to something nicer than pressure treated doug fir. I have a cousin that put in a Mahogany deck last year and it's really nice. The color and color variation really appeal to me. At the same time, my dentist told me about how he used IPE at his house and while it sounds like a pain to install, maintenance sounds to be a breeze, ie non-existent. If I want a long lasting, deck, that requires minimal sealing and such while still looking nice, what do you recommend?
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? If your deck won't be too large, you could build a free standing deck frame with 2x6's. 2x6 joists would be resting on doubled up 2x6 beams. Use 8" builders tubes 4' below grade with metal post holders sunk into concrete (the ones you have in your sketch). If you're using 4x4 post holders, they will be 3.5" actual and you can sandwich 1/2" pressure treated plywood between two 2x6's to get a snug fit.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? If the adhesive is 3M VHB (Very High Bond), which I think is what they use for the 'command strips', and it doesn't have a foam backing on it, you can just put firm pressure on it to try to twist it. Hold it there under pressure, and it'll slowly release and pop loose after a few seconds. If it's foam backed, this won't work, as the foam will absorb the force, keeping it from being applied to the adhesive. Depending on the condition of the surface, how well the surface was prepped, and how long it's been left on (which I'm guessing is months), it's possible it might damage things -- I've had a number of times when I've taken paint off of walls with the stuff. Hard plastics and shinier finishs seem to hold up, so most appliances should be okay.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? I picked up a basic Craftsman model at Sears a few months ago and have been very happy with it. The battery still holds enough charge to do the whole yard twice. Much easier to throw a battery on a charger for a couple hours than to have to mess around with a liquid fuel source. It's also quite light. Not as powerful as a gas model of course, but it gets the job done just fine!
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? If budget is not a concern, you could go mahogany or teak. If budget is a concern, I happen to like the look of the faux-wood polymer decking "boards" such as the PVC ones from Lowes. I'm sure there are several other brands/types, too.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? Try removing it first without removing the foam backing. You can dissolve the foam backing with constant application of WD-40 and scrubbing with a wet wash cloth. We had put some of that foam sticky tape on an old apartment door once and I found that by spraying it with WD-40 and scrubbing it, I was able to remove the foam tape and residue easily without removing any underlying paint or finish.
Which types of decking are easiest to maintain? I don't know about the cedar, but I built a screened porch a few years ago using standard PT lumber for posts and railings and painted it with a coat of primer and a coat of exterior latex pretty much as soon as it no longer appeared damp. Of course the 6X6 posts had been up and drying for a while at that point, probably 6 months or so. The railings were installed last and were probably only up for 2 or 3 weeks when they were painted. When we moved from that house earlier this year there were no problems with the paint, and that was after about 2 years. Interestingly, the only paint-related issue we had was some peeling on the existing deck railings, about 4 years old and never painted at that point, that I painted at the same time to match the new railings around the porch. I have no idea what caused it, but I can say that I didn't prepare this older wood at all and it probably could have used at least a good pressure washing prior to painting.
What are the red streaks in my toilet occasionally? What are the red streaks in my toilet occasionally? It seems to come from where the water flows when flushing and go around the bowl. Sometimes settling in the bottom where the little bit of water lies.
What are the red streaks in my toilet occasionally? Possibly rust. Is it just the toilet or do you get it from any of the other taps in the house? If it's just the toilet then look in the cistern to see if there's anything rusting in there. If it's not a close coupled toilet check the pipe between the cistern and the bowl. If there's red from any of the other taps in the house then the problem is with the supply.
How can I best seal this gutter to the flat rubber roof of my garage? I have a standalone garage built into the side of the hill. On top is a rubber roof that appears to be in decent shape. However, there is a gutter around the edges that is not sealed to the roof. Obviously I need to clean off the roof and under the flashing/gutter edge. Do I need to take it all off and redo it? Or can I just clean under and seal it with something? What do I use? Roofing tar?
How can I best seal this gutter to the flat rubber roof of my garage? This article suggests it might be a bacteria known as Serratia marcescen if you’ve noticed a pink or red slimy substance forming in your toilet bowl, you’re not alone. It is bacteria known as Serratia marcescens, according to Roxanne Johnson, North Dakota State University Extension Service water quality associate. You may find this bacterium in moist areas such as toilet bowls, sinks, tiles, shower stalls, bathtub enclosures and even your pet’s water dish. The bacteria will grow in places with materials containing phosphorus or fatty substances such as feces residues in your toilet or soap residue in a pet’s dish or the bathtub, shower and sink. Occasionally the pinkish film appears during and after new construction or remodeling activities. You see it more commonly when you have your windows open during the summer months. “I have observed this phenomenon form in the toilet bowl along the water line and at the openings where the water enters the toilet bowl, usually when I’m gone for a few days, or in my guest bathroom that isn’t used often,” Johnson says. “The bacteria survive there because the water sits for a period of time, with the chlorine dissipating as it stands,” she adds. “If you have an activated carbon filter on your water line, you are removing the chlorine and may be supporting the growth of the bacteria.” While the genus Serratia is not known to be a water-borne disease, it has been known to be pathogenic to some people, causing pneumonia, wound infections and urinary tract infections in some hospital settings. The bacteria are difficult to remove completely from your home, although the stains are removed easily with a general-purpose cleanser containing chlorine bleach. You also may add ¼ cup of bleach to the toilet tank, let it sit for 15 to 20 minutes and then flush the tank a few times to remove all of the bleach. Do not leave bleach sitting in your tank because it will damage rubber valves and seals. Johnson recommends you scrub with a brush and household cleaner to clean pet bowls, kitchen surfaces and bathroom sinks, bathtubs and showers. Follow this up with a strong chlorine bleach solution, leaving the bleach in contact with the surfaces for 10 to 20 minutes to disinfect the area. Then rinse well with water. To prevent the bacteria from developing, wipe down and dry all sinks and bathtubs after using them, and use a cleaning solution that contains bleach.
How can I best seal this gutter to the flat rubber roof of my garage? It should be just that simple, yes. I don't know if I would recommend the Trex brand though. They've had lots of problems in the past with mold issues. Not sure if those are still a concern or not, but you might want to think about another brand of composite decking.
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? I want to fit a fan in our bathroom. The easiest way to do this seems to be to drill down from the loft and put it in directly above the shower. I'm then considering running the vent (flex pipe) through the loft and tape it to the vents (already in the eaves). Can anyone say whether this is acceptable, or is it likely to create damp in the eaves?
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? You should use a separate outlet for the pipe as the existing vents won't be able to cope with the volume of air and you'll probably end up with steam in the loft. Did you buy a kit or separate components? If you've got a kit then there should be an outlet grille in that, if not you should be able to get one at the same place you bought the fan and flex pipe.
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? Trex composite decking looks really nice (though I'm sure it's expensive), and basically maintenance free.
Can I vent a bathroom fan through the eaves? Kilz is not anti-mold paint. Once the source of the moisture has been corrected, go to your local Home Depot and buy Concrobium fungicide spray. It's all natural and an encapsulant. It comes in a spray bottle. Follow the directions. This will kill the mold as well as prevent new mold from growing. Once that is done you can cover the area with Zinnser Bulls Eye 1-2-3 Waterbase Primer. The bulls eye IS mold and mildew resistant. If you have a lot of water stains you may want to go with something stronger like Zinnser Guardz, but Kilz will not help you out in the water stains or mold issue.
What kind of screws in to pressure treated plywood? I am making hurricane panels for my house using the technique described here. The plywood I purchased is pressure treated. The sliding bolts are zinc, so I assume the screws that came with them are also zinc. Is this ok, or should I be using different screws and/or bolts?
What kind of screws in to pressure treated plywood? I'm not a fan of the test kits. I recently had some mold issues and used a mail-in tape sample to test for mold. I did 8 samples for $50. I think 3 or 4 samples can also be done for lesser price. Here is the site I used: http://www.mold-control-on-a-budget.com/ (I'm not associated in any way to her but can vouch for her service and professionalism after using the tape sample service.)
What kind of screws in to pressure treated plywood? I have been happy with the walnut TimberTech Earthwood Composite Decking on our screen porch.
Roof stone tiles. How to fasten them? I am watching a TV program where they are restoring a ruin into a cottage. One thing that left me aghast is the fact that the roof was made with flat, very heavy stone tiles. Ater they rebuild the roof frame with wood, they put the tiles back on the wood by drilling the tiles and using a long nail down through the wood. It's just a matter of time that the nice british weather promotes rust on the nails and a 50 kg tile slides down to kill the poor chap walking by. I have no knowledge of roof restoration, even less with such unusual tiling, but what is the proper procedure to fasten them without breeding disaster ?
Roof stone tiles. How to fasten them? The other thing you can try is to put some bleach if your tank. It will kill any of the organics, which is potentially the cause of the red staining. The bleach also makes the bathroom smell nice, in my opinion. I do this about once every two months... 4 kids introduce lots of organics into a toilet :).
Roof stone tiles. How to fasten them? You can buy special metal brackets for roof tiles: Most of the roofs I have seen have used nails, and only in certain places, relying for the most part on the friction and weight of the roof tiles to hold them in place. Whether brackets are required depends on wind speed, wind direction, subroof type, roof angle, roof shape, height, and other factors. Regardless of whether you use brackets, nails, or screws, they must be stainless, galvanized, or otherwise protected from corrosion. Nails must have ring-threaded shanks. (Source: manufacturer's instructions for various roof tiles sold in Norway. Check your local building codes and the instructions provided by the manufacturer of your roof tiles.)
What kind of screws for crawl space vents? I'm removing one of the ancient crawl-space vents from my house in order to put in a wiring pass-thru plate. The old vent only had a couple screws on it and the new plate has a lot more holes... So, looks like I can't just reuse the couple screws I had. Is there standard type and size of screw used for this application? Also, should I put a bead of caulk around the opening before placing the plate?
What kind of screws for crawl space vents? They are not actually zinc, but zinc-coated steel, also known as galvanized steel. The treated-wood industry recommends the use of hot-dip galvanized or stainless steel fasteners for use with treated wood. Electroplated/electro-galvanized and mechanically-galvanized coatings should not be considered to be hot-dip galvanized. (Class 55, or higher, mechanical galvanizing provides galvanizing equivalent to the hot-dip galvanizing used on connectors and fasteners.) Source: Strong-Tie's pressure-treated wood FAQ, which has additional information about various kinds of pressure-treated wood, galvanized steel, and stainless steel.
What kind of screws for crawl space vents? Fluorescent lights emit Electromagnetic Pulse. This is likely affecting your electronics. Related article: Richard Box, an artist-in-residence at Bristol University’s physics department, was one of the first people to discover the phenomenon. He describes it below: A fluorescent tube glows when an electrical voltage is set up across it. The electric field set up inside the tube excites atoms of mercury gas, making them emit ultraviolet light. This invisible light strikes the phosphor coating on the glass tube, making it glow. Because powerlines are typically 400,000 volts, and Earth is at an electrical potential voltage of zero volts, pylons create electric fields between the cables they carry and the ground. Box denies that he aimed to draw attention to the potential dangers of powerlines, ˜For me, it was just the amazement of taking something that's invisible and making it visible,' he says. ˜When it worked, I thought: ˜This is amazing'
How to best clean the inlet vent screen on a microhood? Over the years, my microhood has developed a greasy buildup in the inlet vent screens on the underside of the microhood. They're an aluminum mesh that comes out easily with a label near it saying not to use harsh chemicals or excessive water. The verbiage stops short of recommending the best way to clean them.
How to best clean the inlet vent screen on a microhood? The best thing would be to look in the manufacturer's instructions which may be online if you don't have it handy. I don't understand what "excessive water" means other than that it may hold a little water if it's not thoroughly dry and if you try to operate it some will be pulled into the fan which wouldn't be good. I would take it outside and wash it thoroughly in a pan or bucket of very hot water using some liquid dish detergent (Dawn, for example). Then thoroughly rinse it. Shake as much water out as you can and allow it to dry in the sun for a few hours. Check it carefully before re-installing.
Why would you use copper over CPVC or PEX? Are there any advantages to using copper rather than CPVC or PEX?
Why would you use copper over CPVC or PEX? Copper has a well-proven track record Copper parts are more readily-available and it's easier to repair (eg, don't need the expensive crimping tool like with PEX) Safer during fires since it is much more resistant to heat and giving off fumes That said, I am a huge fan of PEX. It's been around for quite a few years now (though obviously nowhere near as long as copper), and for the most part is proven. Pex is cheaper (in both material and labor costs), Pex is easier to install, with many less connections required (eg, try doing a long straight run through a wall or perpendicular through joists - PEX slides right in, copper requires a ton of little segmented pieces and couplers) Pex can look better when properly installed (when not properly secured, it sags, and because of the forgiving nature, you can have crooked lines and non-right angles).
How do I fix a pocket door wheel track? I have a pocket door that keeps falling off its track. The metal track has become warped and bent down in just one or two areas. When I slide the door along the track and the front wheel goes over these areas, the wheel falls out of the track and the door gets stuck. I cannot see how I can remove the track because the door is always hanging off of some part of it and the track is screwed to the top inside of the pocket. I've searched for a tool to do this, but have not found anything. Is there such a tool designed specifically for it, or is there another technique to fix this annoying problem?
How do I fix a pocket door wheel track? I ended up using degreaser and it worked better than I thought. First, remove the vent screens. In a sink, I sprayed liberal amounts of degreaser on both sides and let sit for a couple minutes. Spray down with water and repeat cleaning if necessary. Dry on a towel. Afterwards, they looked like new. I guess sometimes the simplest approach is best; don't overthink the situation.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain I would like to have my own little waterfall inside my house. I find the flowing water very soothing and relaxing. I have seen a couple of "desktop" water fountains, and that is the rough idea, now I just want to scale that up several notches. The size I would like to go for is probably about 1m cube (so 1 meter wide by 1 meter tall by a meter deep) What do I need, where do I start? I thought as a good starting point is to get a nice photo of a real life waterfall and try to build that?
Building indoor water feature / water fountain The basics you'll need are a watertight container to receive the water, a pump and something for the water to fall out of. There might be an "outdoor" water feature that you could use. If it doesn't come with a suitable base you'll have to find something to sit it in.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain I've built something similar for outdoor use, but it could just as easily have been an indoor fountain. The easiest way to construct it is from pottery, preferably something non-porous. If you go to a Garden Ridge or big box hardware store you should be able to find a good selection of pots, and it usually works out well to buy multiple sizes of the exact same style of pot so you can layer them. It is best if the largest/bottom pot doesn't have a drain hole on it. The more "falls" you have in the fountain, the more you will get that nice waterfall sound. You will also, of course, need to get a fountain pump (also available at the HW store), and some decorative rocks to fill each of the pots. I really like the black smooth river-stone type. You could probably also create a pretty cool effect by adding a rain chain to the design.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain I've got Milgard in my house and have been very pleased. There was one window that after about 8 months became difficult to open. I called up their service and they sent a guy to my house the next day and it was fixed all for free. Their windows come with a lifetime warranty, though as I'm writing this I'm not sure if it is for the original owner or if it follows in a sale. The double pane helped tremendously with noise reduction too.
Building indoor water feature / water fountain Regarding your question on tools to remove the track, this article (Natural Handyman - How To Repair and Adjust Pocket Doors) says: Many pocket doors can be adjusted with special tools from around the top of the pocket frame with the door in a partially closed position. These tools are often specially angled wrenches designed to fit into that little gap. These tools are part of the assembly kit supplied with the pocket door, but are rarely given to homeowners by the builders. Without these proprietary tools, you have to improvise with or modify standard tools. If you can't get to the warped part of the track with any tool that you have (or can find), then you will need to cut a hole in the wall for access. This article (Ask the Builder - Fixing a Pocket Door) has a great description of how to get access to the track. The article talks about replacing the track but it also gives a warning that if the new track is not the exact same dimensions then the little project will become much bigger. So you will have to make a decision to cut the wall to get access to the screws to replace the track or just to get to the warped section of the track. A quote from the article: Remove the door from the pocket and take it off the track. Use a flashlight and peer up into the pocket cavity. There is a good chance you will see the screws that fasten the track to the frame. It is now time to cut an access hole on one side of the pocket wall. This hole will allow you to get your hand or arm into the pocket so that you can loosen and remove the screws and subsequently the track.
What are the uses of the various schedules of PVC pipe? I had a plumber come out the other day to do some work and I offered up some spare PVC that I had leftover from various projects and he told me that it was schedule so-and-so and wouldn't be appropriate/durable for the task I had in mind. I had never even paid attention to the fact that PVC pipes came in different "Flavors" or schedules and always just grabbed whatever I came upon first that was the right size. Kinda scary thinking about all the DIY projects I have used it on. So can someone give me a brief summary of the different schedules of PVC pipes available and what each one should be used for?
What are the uses of the various schedules of PVC pipe? I've had a few SharkBite connectors installed for a couple years without any leaks. They are pricey but save a lot of time when trying to make repairs or otherwise plumb in tight spaces. In fact, I've seen more leaks from improper solders that then have to be re-soldered than I have from SharkBites, primarily because tight spaces can inhibit applying the torch/flame correctly.
Are water heater blankets a good idea? Is it a good idea to wrap a water heater in insulation? Does it lower the heating cost? Does it shorten the life of the water heater?
Are water heater blankets a good idea? The schedule is the wall thickness of the pipe (essentially how much pressure it can withstand). Wikipedia has a Nominal Pipe Size Table (and the article goes into the description of the size and the why behind them). From this article http://www.ehow.com/facts_5575151_difference-between-schedule-schedule-pipe.html: For a relatively constant pipe outside diameter, the wall thickness varies from Schedule 10 (light) to Schedule 40 (standard weight) to Schedule 80 (extra strong) to Schedule 160 (double extra strong). Schedule 40 pipe is typically used in construction. However, if a stronger pipe is needed, then Schedule 80 can be used. An example where Schedule 80 should be considered is if the pipe is exposed during construction. The stronger pipe is more resistant to incidental bumping by workers or equipment. In my house the line that runs out to my irrigation system and the sewer pipe are all schedule 40 (the schedule is usually printed on the pipe).
Are water heater blankets a good idea? A lot of water heaters (that I've seen anyway) are in unheated spaces -- basements, garages, attics (in some countries). The rate at which you lose heat from the water depends mainly on two things: the difference in temperature between the water and the outside environment. The greater the difference, the faster the heat loss. the R-value of the insulation between the water and the environment: the higher, the better. The tank will provide some insulation, but adding a blanket for another layer of insulation will definitely help. How much it will help depends on the temperature of the water and the environment the tank is in. (The surface area of the tank is also a factor in the rate of heat loss. While adding a blanket will increase the surface area, the savings by having the extra insulation will more than offset the loss the extra area will provide). If anything, insulating should lengthen the life of the heater because it wouldn't have to work as hard maintaining the water at the set temperature.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? We have an attic I'd like to use as an extra room. The frame of the house is solid 2x8" beams and i'm told that the weight is not a problem there. The attic framing is just a typical framing though. Can I reinforce it with joists and have it hold up a typical load of furniture and people? I'm not going to put the family safe up there, but i would like to make the attic useful without tearing the roof off.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? You should consult an architect or engineer.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? You can but, ... it's a one way street. Once you paint it, you'll never be able to scrape it off. So think carefully before you paint it.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? Holding a cell phone next to a powered speaker can cause the speaker to play the data that the phone receives periodically from a cell tower because the wires act as antennas. I wrapped the battery module for my old Bose noise quieting headphones with tin foil, and the really loud buzzing from my phone stopped. I have seen more electronic equipment come with a power cord that includes a toroidal choke or ferrite bead inductor that helps eliminate some of the buzz that might leak into a device by way of the various wires connected to it. What you may need to do is add ferrite beads to you AC power cords, and perhaps improve the RF shielding to some of your electronics gear.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? Try taking Vitamin B1 (thiamine); there's something in there that, I'm told, female mosquitoes do not like and steer clear when you have enough of it. Many people swear by this, some swear at this, so your mileage may vary, and it is not an instant-on solution when it does work.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? This is one of those questions that is tough to answer without actually seeing the attic, there may be more issues here with turning this in to a living space than just will it hold the load. There are codes to what can and cannot be a livable space, because of this I would consult a contractor and/or engineer.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? In Massachusetts, attic floors must support at least 30 lbs/ft² live load (the same as bedroom floors) if the attic is accessed by means of a fixed stairway (780 CMR 5502.3.1). Use a span table to determine the necessary joist dimensions, given their span length, spacing, wood species, and grade. For example, if your floor joists are 2x6 spaced 16 inches o.c., they can then be between 8'5" and 10'11" depending on the wood species and grade (780 CMR Table 5502.3.1(1)). Uninhabitable attics with limited storage need only support a live load of 20 lbs/ft² (780 CMR Table 5802.4(2)).
How do I reinforce the attic floor? I had this problem in my very old house - it actually burned out my stereo. Some circuits were showing the buzz and others were not. I had to test them by plugging my television and my stereo into different circuits before everything worked. i never did fix it- i think in my case it came from through the step down transformer which is pretty old. in my case i would get the buzz whether the kitchen floursecents were on or off.
How do I reinforce the attic floor? When the gas company came out to replace the flexible hosing on our water heater I asked them about the blankets and they said that, as a policy, they recommend against them. I asked if the insulation would matter and he said only if we had the water heater outside. And then it would make more sense to build a very small enclosure around it. Weird.
Dresser/Chest with convex front I'm contemplating building a dresser and am looking at designs and such to get my creative juices flowing. Today I noticed that some dressers/chests have concave or outwardly curving drawers on the front face. Usually I can figure out how to do most woodworking feats, but I'm not sure about this one. Some ideas I have: By hand with a planer/sander Some sort of CNC planer that makes curves Steam the wood and bend to shape Here's a picture of what I'm talking about: Can anyone shed some light on this?
Dresser/Chest with convex front I think steam bending is supposed to be the easiest method. For bends around corners it may help to cut slats into the back (concave) side. A Google search for "bend wood" returns a number of howtos.
Dresser/Chest with convex front Build up the piece in layers. It's a lot easier to bend a thin sheet of wood, then bending say a 3/4" piece. The basic idea here is to create an arched piece of plywood. Start with a thin sheet of wood 1/8" to 1/4" depending on the type of wood, and the finished pieces thickness. soak the sheet in water until it is pliable. Using clamps or a jig, bend the sheet past the desired arc (the board will lose some of the bend when the clamps are removed). Let dry, or heat and let cool. Repeat this procedure with as many sheets as it takes to get your final thickness, making sure each sheet fits perfectly over the previous one. Using glue and some clamps glue all the pieces together to form a single piece. Trim to size, sand, and finish.
Dresser/Chest with convex front For more detailed information on wiring sizes, you should also check out the National Electrical Code at your local library (in the U.S.) Pretty much every state and municipality has adopted it as the starting point for their electrical requirements. Your locality may have additional requirements as well, though (for example, Chicago requires ALL electrical wire be run in nonflammable conduit). There are a lot of rules regarding box sizes, where to fasten cable, how long wires have to be once inside the box, etc.- all for fire safety reasons. Off-topic, but all basement circuits except for a sump pump need to have GFCIs installed too.
Dresser/Chest with convex front The only way to get an accurate figure for your area is to call a bunch of electricians near you, and they won't be able to give you a really accurate number without seeing it. They should be able to give you a range, though. The sump pump should be on its own 20A circuit without a GFCI. (GFCI may now be required by NEC 2008 edition. Will update when I know for sure.) The lights and outlets can stay on the same circuit if the outlets have GFCI protection. They're probably going to want to move the microwave to a different circuit while they're at it- unrelated locations really shouldn't share a common circuit. If they are making any modifications to a circuit that has anything not allowed by the current electrical code (which it does), they will have to make it all correct.
Dresser/Chest with convex front Be sure to check local codes. My county, Geauga County, OH, requires all wiring be rated at 20A, so we cannot use 14 gauge (white romex). All the other posts are correct though that this will be all that you need to worry about unless you are doing something larger in your basement.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? I've been told that water-heaters build up sediment at the bottom over time, and should be flushed out (ie. drained, then allowed to refill). Is there value in this exercise? Does that value exceed the cost of the hot water lost in the process?
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? It's part of the recommended maintenance for the heater, so there's definitely value in it. No matter how clean your water supply, there's always going to be some amount of sediment getting through, sand and grit or dissolved minerals. As the water sits in the heater's tank, that can settle out and build up on the bottom of the tank. How much does it cost to heat a 50gal water tank from the temperature the of the water mains? 50gal = 50*3.785 = 189.25 L. Specific heat of water is 4.186 J/g/°C, so it will take 4.186 * 1000 * 189.25 = 792.2 kJ to raise all the water in the tank by 1°C. Assume the water comes in at 50°F/10°C and your water heater is set for 150°F/66°C, so you need 792.2 * 56 = 44.363 MJ. One unit or kWh of electricity has 3.6 MJ and electric water heaters are around 90% efficient these days, so you need about 13.5 kWh to heat the water to your set point. In my area, electricity costs are about 10¢/kWh, so it would cost about $1.35 to flush and reheat the water tank. You only need to do it about once a year (and you could maybe get away with doing it less often if you had very clean water and lived in a soft-water area). Over the life of a water heater, you're looking at less than $20; compare that with the $100s that a new water heater costs. Besides, won't you feel better knowing you don't have all that gunk in the bottom of your water heater? :)
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? You are most likely hosed. It's highly unlikely you'd find a usable ground wire if your receptacles are not grounded. Don't use the cheater adapters if the box isn't grounded- they're not safe. If an appliance has a ground prong, it's not double-insulated, meaning there are places on it you could touch and possibly be electrocuted if your body is a better path to ground than whatever else it's touching. It needs to be on a grounded circuit. We skipped over several apartments and houses for lack of grounded outlets.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? 3M caulk remover works wonders- if it's compatible with your tub. It didn't eat our fiberglass tub, but it did eat the acrylic surround. Basically, you throw it on and leave it sit for a few minutes to soften up the old caulk, then scrape.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? Do not use lamp cord to extend a circuit to a new outlet! The wire is neither big enough, insulated enough, or grounded. It's illegal everywhere, and I wouldn't consider it to be safe. Use Wiremold with standard electrical wire. That's why the product exists.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? Plywood generally doesn't sag permanently unless it's been wet for an extended period of time. Can you get into the attic to check for water stains around those areas?
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? Engineered hardwood flooring is what you're looking for. It's a thin layer of real wood bonded to a backer and pad. They snap together tounge-and-groove style. You may be able to install it directly over your existing floor, but you'll have to check with the manufacturer of the particular product to see if that is an allowable installation method.
Is flushing a waterheater a good idea? I believe there are cement products that will cure in water, however I would wait until the winter. Cold is not a problem here, except for your fingers. And you can always find a day in the middle of winter when the temperature is quite moderate. Find a high strength patch filler. Make sure that it attaches solidly to the existing hole. If possible, I would drill some holes into the sides of this hole, then put some non-rusting (brass, aluminum, etc.) bar stock into the hole so that it sticks out into the void area. The idea is to put a set of fingers into the cement patch area to prevent this patch from popping out.
How do I install a jump duct? Our master bedroom is considerably warmer than the living/dining/kitchen area of our house, and we've been setting the thermostat quite lower than we'd like in order for the bedroom to get cool enough at night to sleep in. Upon exiting the bedroom in the morning, we've practically got to bundle up due to how cold the rest of the house is. One suggestion we got was to install a return vent above the door, which we don't want to do because of the loss of privacy. Another suggestion was to install a jump duct in the ceiling inside and outside of the bedroom, which appeals to both my wife and me. What is the correct way and what are the materials required to install a jump duct so as to maximize air circulation while not leaking any cold air into the attic?
How to self-remediate mold? We had some water damage recently (leaky toilet supply line) that flooded an upstairs bedroom and the room immediately below it. We had all the drywall torn out in anticipation of rebuilding and had a mold test done. Despite the water being around for only a few hours before being discovered and removed, and there being no visible mold when the drywall was removed, elevated levels of mold spores were found in the air test. Specifically, Aspergillus/Penicillium and Syncephalastrum (12k and 1k spores, respectively, compared to 0 in the outside air). The company wants several thousand dollars for remediation. I'd like to think there's a safe, reliable way for this to be done by the homeowner without spending a fortune. I remember countless homes in my neighborhood back during the last major hurricane having tons of visible mold and nobody hiring professionals to take care of it. What's the best way to go about doing this ourselves?
How to self-remediate mold? The options here are Cut the drawer faces from thick stock on a bandsaw. This is wasteful of wood, but an option if the faces are not too heavily curved. You can easily find 8/4 stock to start from for a mild curve, ending with a 3/4 inch thick drawer face. Glue it up from layers of veneer. Essentially, build your own plywood for the drawer faces, gluing it into shape on a form. Or use thicker layers (1/8 or 1/4 inch thick perhaps) steaming them if necessary to make them sufficiently pliable. Thinner layers may become sufficiently pliable just by dipping them in water. Steam bending. It may be difficult to bend such a wide piece of wood, or to steam it enough to be pliable. Some woods will bend more easily than others. Shallow kerf cuts on the back face will help if you cannot get enough of a bend on practice pieces. Many clamps and a strong form will be useful tools here. Veneer. Here you would start with a stable substrate of your desired shape, gluing down a thin layer of a valuable wood on top. For a curved surface, a vacuum bag is probably useful to get it to form to the surface. This is a good approach for very expensive woods, such as a rosewood face for the drawers. Of these options, I would recommend options 1 or 2, depending on what sources of wood you have available, and the desired extent of the curvature of the drawer faces.
How can I finish this "peeled" drywall? While doing some work in my bathroom, one thing led to another and paint started peeling. I found that under many layers of paint was some wallpaper so it seemed natural to pull... I started peeling it off like crazy, in huge pieces before I realized that what was left behind was not so nice: drywall with its paper peeled off. It looks like part of the drywall's paper has come off, leaving a rough, fuzzy, roughish surface (that's about 1ft2). Question: how do I fix this? I might be able to scrape/sand it down smooth enough to paint...maybe. Another option is to hang some wallpaper. I do not want to go down to the studs and hang new drywall. UPDATE: I said I didn't want to go down to the studs...but that's what I ended up doing. It was not as hard as I expected but did add a lot of time and cost to the project. I couldn't have done it without YouTube :).
How can I finish this "peeled" drywall? I don't think sanding the surface will produce a surface good enough to paint. It's certainly a lot of effort for uncertain results. If the underlying surface is very rough it might still show through the wall paper, unless it's very thick (1000 gsm lining paper for example) or you do some sanding. The best answer might be to continue to peel off the paper and then skim the wall with plaster. Depending on your plastering skills you might want to get a professional in. The result should be good enough to paint.
How do I prepare an already painted wall for new paint? We are repainting a number of rooms in our home, do we need to put primer over the existing paint? Are there any other gotchas that we need to prepare for before repainting the walls?
How do I prepare an already painted wall for new paint? No, in general, you don't need to prime existing paint. To prepare for repainting: wash the wall to remove any grease. fill any holes and cracks with suitable filler, possibly using flexible filler for cracks. sand and prime the filled areas - priming will seal the filler and keep it in place. You might want to sand and reprime the whole wall to avoid a patchy look. repaint the wall with at least two coats of your new colour. If the cracks are large you might want to check there's no current problem. New houses will settle quite a bit when first built and there'll even be some movement in older homes. If you are painting over a dark colour with a light colour you might need more than 2 coats to stop the previous colour showing through. If that's the case then using a primer or basic white matt emulsion for the first coat (or two if it's really dark) is a more cost effective option than using the more expensive coloured paint for all the coats. Unfortunately you don't always find that out in time. Paint in full daylight - especially for the final coat - so you can see where you've been and be methodical.
How do I prepare an already painted wall for new paint? A question - were there elevated spore levels in the rest of the house? It sounds like you disturbed something removing the old drywall. If that's the case you might be OK. You need to identify the source. Once you've done that you can usually deal with the problem yourself. The hard part is going to be identifying the source. Mould is usually caused by condensation on the walls, which in turn is caused by poor ventilation and insulation. So there's warm, damp air in the room which when it comes in contact with the cold wall forms condensation. If there was no visible mould before removing the drywall, then you should be all right - but I'm not an expert so please don't quote me on that. When you replace the drywall make sure you install adequate insulation and ventilation in the room and then perhaps test again for spores before decorating. If the levels are still high then you'll need to do more investigation.
is there a trick to installing "lock and fold" flooring? I am doing a small installation of lock and fold flooring and find that the pieces don't want to sit flat, they curve up from the floor somewhat. I am tempted to push harder on them, but don't want to break the tongue off. Should I be using a rubber mallet to set the pieces together or is that too heavy handed for this stuff, it isn't very thick and it was expensive so I really want to be careful. Does anyone have any tips for installing this type of flooring? It is turning out to be a little more hassle than they advertised on the display in the store.
is there a trick to installing "lock and fold" flooring? If you don't want to go the plaster route (per ChrisF), you could try painting a thick coat or two of primer (which should, in theory, absorb a bit into and stabilize the surface), then sand that a bit before another coat of primer and then paint over it. If you just try to sand what you've got, you'll never see the end - that's just not going to go smooth no matter how much you sand. You've got to effectively 'glue down' the surface bit. Plaster would definitely work, but I think primer might do OK too.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? Can anyone explain how electrical amperage associates to device wattage? From what I understand amperage is the amount of electrical current running through the circuit (if I imaging the AC current as a sine wave, then the amplitude is the distance from the base line to the peak of the sine wave. Though this gets a bit more complex with RMS amplitude). As far as I understand wattage, that's the power consumption of a device in a given time unit. So for example my oven is a 12 kiloWatt oven. Which means it'll consume 12 kiloWatts every hour? Is that right? So my question is, why is my oven on a 30 amp circuit when it's 12 kW, and my 8kW shower is on a 45 amp circuit? Oh yes, I'm in the UK by the way so 240 Volts into the house.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? Good question. I don't think I have a direct answer but here's some information that may lend itself to an answer. Watts = Amps * Volts For example, a 30 amp dedicated circuit to your oven * 120 volts (U.S. houses often have somewhere between 110 and 120 volts coming in) = 3,600 watts delivered to your oven. Hmm... 45 amps to your shower (water heater) * 120 volts = 5,400 watts to your shower. Something isn't adding up since you said your oven is rated at 12,000 watts and shower at 8,000 watts. Even if you live outside the US and get 240 volts that would double your wattage but that's still not enough. Either way, I suspect that what you're seeing is not that higher wattage devices need lower current (amps). I think there are two factors at play: Higher wattage devices generally need higher current because it's hard to multiply a fixed voltage (110 to 240) by a low current (amps) and get a high wattage. You need high current to get high wattage. Some devices, like electric ovens and water heaters, need especially high current so that they can very quickly heat up an element. Perhaps a water heater just needs especially high current to heat a high volume of water even when compared to an oven which only has to heat a relatively low volume of air. Disclaimer: I'm not an electrician so I may be way off.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? You likely answere your own question -- wattage is Voltage times Amperage. What you might not know is that in higher wattage situations, they'll typically run a higher voltage (eg. 220V) circuit, so it's possible that the 30Amp circuit is actually getting more total power than the 45Amp circuit. But those aren't your only considerations when sizing the breakers -- motors tend to draw about 50% over whatever their rating is when they first kick on. You can either place them on a high-rated circuit, or you can put them on a 'slow trip' fuse (or circuit breaker) that won't trip the instant it sees a surge; naturally, this is not something you want to install in a wet area where you'll need a GFI breaker. Because of this, particularly if they're going to be installed in wet area (where you don't want to use a slow-trip), you'll see higher than expected breakers for anything with a compressor, pump, or other motor.
Why is the amperage lower for higher wattage devices? I can think of a few possible problems: The floor wasn't flat to start with. You typically put down an underlayment of some sort, which will deal with some floor imperfections, but it's not 100% perfect. Something managed to get under the flooring when you weren't looking. (those little plastic things yout put against the wall being a prime culprit, but those are pretty obvious when it's happened). There's something in the grove of flooring. As part of the manufacturing, a little wood chip might get in the track, which prevents it from seating correctly and locking down. Odds are, it's #3 -- it doesn't take much. Inspect the board that you're trying to place, to see if there's any imperfections in the board along the grove, then take a look at the place you're trying to lay it into. One the last floor I helped installed, we got in the habit of looking at all edges of the board before laying them, and pulling off any bits that were flaking that might cause problems later. We also found that putting the board in the groove, then running it back and forth a few times would make them more likely to sit down on the first try (I'm not sure if it knocked out debris, or ground it down so it was small enough to not be a problem).
How to create an fast and easy dimmable lamp? I want to connect this plug to this socket using this dimmer. I have AWG 16 wire... how would I do this? I have very little experience with electrical work
How to create an fast and easy dimmable lamp? I assume the 16 AWG is just 2-wire lamp cable with no ground, so I wouldn't use that plug end. Just use a 2-prong connector. Make sure you use an Underwriter's Knot on the plug end. That dimmer is only designed to be mounted in a box in the wall, so you wouldn't want to use it for a lamp. They do make lamp dimmers that just plug into the wall on one end, and the lamp on the other. I got one for our baby's room for when he wakes up at night; it works pretty well. However, without a switch on the lamp, there's no other way to turn it on/off. There are lamp dimmer units that go directly in the lamp instead of plugging in; otherwise, you should use a lamp holder with a switch on it. The black (hot) wire on the lamp holder connects to the smaller connector on the plug end. Use wire nuts to connect the lamp cord to the lamp holder. Twist them clockwise (looking at the top of the wire nut, opposite the wires)- to the right.
Does PEX require home runs? I've been told that PEX requires home runs to a manifold (or star topology, to borrow from networking) to maintain the same flow rate/pressure as copper. Anyone else heard this?
Does PEX require home runs? (Both of those circuits are 240V- 2 hot wires on a double-pole breaker. U.S. power used to be 110V per leg, then 115; now it's 120.) The oven wattage is inflated. 30A circuit * 2 * 120V = 7,200W. Any more than that for an extended period of time, and the breaker will trip. You aren't getting 12,000W to it unless your breaker has failed, and then you'd be at risk of an electrical fire. Since the oven is heating air, it needs a lot less average power than something that's heating water- water requires a ton of energy to raise its temperature. Hence the smaller wire to the oven.
Does PEX require home runs? Primer/paint will not work. It will be lower than the surrounding surface. It will not "fill in" (I've tried). Try a skim coat of joint compound over the affected area to get it level. If it doesn't work, you'll have to replace the drywall. Good luck!
Does PEX require home runs? As PEX is just the material the pipes are made out of, you should need exactly the same configuration as you would if you were using copper. I would have thought that the only way the flow rate would be affected would be if the tube has a significantly different internal diameter.
Does PEX require home runs? Priming is best. If you have to do two coats of paint to cover the old color, why not use a good primer or primer/sealer and one coat of a good paint? Most people will say otherwise, but primer will stick to old paint a lot better than new paint will. I recommend wiping the walls down with a damp cloth first, but it's a lot of work, and I've never done it to a wall that wasnt't obviously filthy. Use one coat of primer and one coat of paint. Never ask a paint to do a primer's job!
Does PEX require home runs? Is the bedroom on the same level as the rest of the rooms, or is it above and the heat is rising? Either way, you don't want to go up into the uninsulated attic, and in the opposite direction of where the furnace is. You want to go down.
Does PEX require home runs? PEX is generally run to a manifold, but there are adapters that let you connect it to existing copper pipe. However, it's so easy to run that I'd just do it the nice way.
Does PEX require home runs? Blankets are almost always recommended by people who do energy efficiency stuff. I would use one on an electric water heater, but I'm not comfortable using one on a gas unit. Ask the manufacturer of yours. They will probably say it voids the warranty. If it's out of warranty, then it won't matter.
How do you locate roof leaks? Sometimes the source of a roof leaks is difficult to find. The best approach that I've found for locating the leak is to have someone watch where the water is coming into the house (may be easiest if this can be done in an attic) and have a second person spray the roof with a hose. Spray first at lower elevations and keep spraying the same spot for at least a minute to give the water a chance to make it inside. If the water doesn't show up inside then work your way along the roof at the same elevation. Then work your way from the bottom to the top until water starts coming in. The source of the leak is likely close to the spot you're spraying or where you sprayed last. What techniques have you found useful?
How do you locate roof leaks? You can seal that gap quite effectively with a product called Eternabond - it's very popular in the RV world to seal roof seams, vents, windows, etc. Simple to work with (it's basically like a roll of tape), waterproof and very durable. Eternabond Website Good source for Eternabond
How do you locate roof leaks? Obviously, the pump can't keep up with the amount of water pouring in. As mohlsen said, the outlet hose is way too small. I've never seen one < 1.5" diameter. It needs to be a lot bigger than it is. If that doesn't solve the problem completely, you probably need to upgrade to a larger sump pump. If you have frequent power outages when it rains, you need a sump pump with a battery backup. Not a UPS- those aren't designed to handle motor loads. You want a combo sump pump that has a secondary pump with a battery/charger combo. The only issue is where to locate the battery, since your pump is outdoors. Usually the battery box & electronics mount on the wall above the pump when it's installed in the basement. A 5 gallon pail may not cut it for fitting both pumps in there- you may have to upgrade to a proper sump pit (which you should do anyway). Also, make sure your discharge is far enough away that the water can't run back down there.
How do you locate roof leaks? The proper way to fix it is to dig- all the way down to 6" below the bottom of the foundation- then install drain tile & gravel. Coat the outside of the walls with tar, then install plastic protector sheets so it doesn't get damaged by the backfill. Condensation could still be an issue- perhaps installing closed-cell foam around the outside (say, 2-4" thick) would insulate the walls enough to avoid it? You shouldn't use DRYLOK; it won't fix the problem anyway. Water will just fill up the cinder blocks until it finds an opening. The roof is definitely an issue as well. I'd rip that rubber off, pull off the flashing & gutters, re-do all of the eaves (since water has to be running right under the flashing and soaking the wood frame), then reinstall flashing & gutters, and shingle the roof (since I don't know how to install a rubber roof correctly).
How do you locate roof leaks? I have a $300 Dewalt 18v hammer drill with a 1/2" chuck I bought back in 2003 or so. It works great, but it's heavy. The brushes are worn out- I have to pick up some replacements. I use it for everything though. There are definitely lighter ones out there now. Milwaukee also makes very good stuff. Make sure you get a drill that's well-balanced. Mine is fairly long and has the handle all the way to the back- which makes holding it level for any period of time difficult. Most these days have the handle shifted forward a bit to center the load over it. Make sure you get something with lithium ion batteries. I have 2 (NiMH?) batteries, and they're both pretty much shot (although they are old).
Where can I find a replacement green colored porcelain toilet? Do any of the manufacturers still make green colored porcelain toilets? The existing one is an American Standard model probably from the 60's and it is green porcelain. Most of the bathroom is green tile so I don't think a white replacement would look right, but it seems that none of the manufacturers I have looked at make green colored toilets anymore. Any ideas?
Where can I find a replacement green colored porcelain toilet? If you install a GeneralAire G99 Air Filter Gage, it will tell you exactly when your air filter needs to be changed. It can be found for < $20 online. I don't have one, but I've thought about it... After doing a bit of research, I've decided to change mine every 3 months. I don't use the cheapest filters, but I don't get the incredibly expensive ones, either.
Can paint/hardware stores match stain like they do paint? I know you can take a color sample to a paint store (or some hardware stores) and get them to match it and mix you up a custom batch. Is a similar service provided anywhere for stain? The color charts from the stain manufacturers sometimes help, but often don't have an exact match for what I am looking for. I know that stain is somewhat of an inexact science, and I'd probably need to provide an unstained sample piece of wood for the type I intend to use it on, but it sounds at least marginally possible to get custom stains based on a color sample you are trying to match. Am I asking for the moon, or is there some source that provides a service like this?
Can paint/hardware stores match stain like they do paint? I found this place on the net that has a lot of vintage plumbing. They had some green sinks and soap dishes and a pink toilet. I didn't see a green toilet, but it looks like they do a lot of salvage work and their inventory changes frequently. Might be worthwhile to drop them an e-mail and have them notify you if one comes in. Historic House Parts Also, you could try online classified sites like e-bay. Here is an add for a turquoise/green toilet. As to the thought of installing a monstrosity like that, may God have mercy on your soul. =)
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? How do you reduce the sound transmission through a floor? Using "green glue" between a couple layers of plywood subfloor seems to work well. Are there any other tricks or suggestions?
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? Insulate between the floor joists.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? I very much doubt they could match as well as they do with paint. You could probably get close, if you're asking someone who knows what they're talking about and has experience working with various types of stains and woods.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? Short of replacing the drywall, you can do a skim coat as others have suggested. However, be careful - if you do too thick of a coat, the paper will absorb too much moisture and will bubble underneath the mud/plaster. You'll then have to sand it down, cut out the bubbled section, and skim again. Trust me, I've done this and dealt with that exact problem. Just use a thin coat, sand it smooth, and if necessary add another coat. You can then texture, prime, and paint.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? You could also use a "sticky" cord management solution, such as the options on these options from 3M or others, such as this one on Amazon from GE.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? Carpet + underlay works well. If you are laying laminate flooring then using a laminate underlay is a good idea too.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? PEX uses fittings that have a smaller inside diameter than the tubing, unlike copper where the fitting ID is typically the same as the tubing. That smaller ID is going to reduce your flow rate vs. copper if you have a lot of fittings between the source and your fixture, as you might in a non-home-run situation where fixtures are teed off a main trunk. In a properly installed system, this will be countered somewhat by using larger diameter tubing for that trunk line. So that's the theory, but in practice I can tell you that I've now lived in two houses that were plumbed in non-home-run PEX and never had problems with reduced flow in the remote fixtures. Both of these houses used 3/4" PEX for the trunk and 1/2" PEX for the branch lines.
How do you reduce floor sound transmission? I would buy something close and tint it yourself. You can run sample swatches on scraps of your unfinished lumber and stop when you get it right. This will also allow you to experiment with different techniques to see which is the best match, e.g. how long to let the stain soak in before wiping it off. See http://www.ehow.com/way_5938323_can-add-tint-wood-stain_.html
What sort of things should one look for in a water-softener? Hard water (from a well) at the house, and I was wondering what to look for in terms of getting a water-softener, or things to avoid.
What kind of wall material should be used in wet areas in a bathroom? I'm replacing a one piece fiberglass tub with a two piece (tub + surround) unit. In the bathroom right now, there's just drywall, no special material. Should I replace the drywall with greenboard, or with a cement board material (i.e. Durock)? How many feet adjacent to the but should be replaced with one of those two materials? Should I also replace the material behind the vanity with one of those two?
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? What are the best ways to test for water quality in your house? The water is from a well, not town water. Are there any products that can continuously test the water coming in (versus manually sampling the water every so often)?
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? I got the LXT Lithium-Ion 18v hammer drill from Makita and am very happy with it. I'd recommend getting a kit with a hammer drill and an impact driver. Both tools are incredibly useful and good at what they do and you can save money by buying them together. The kit also comes with two batteries, which is very useful even when predominately using one tool.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? As long as you can ensure that the surface is sealed with a waterproof layer then you don't really need to make any special modifications. The main thing you need to ensure is that there's no way water can get onto unprotected wall or floor surfaces. In the UK baths are fitted into rooms that have normal plaster and the walls tiled to provide the water proofing. If you have to replace any of the existing drywall then it might be worth going for a special water resistant panel (e.g. Aquapanel), but they are more expensive.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? For right around the shower/tub I would use cement board since mold will not grow on that. If you are worried about the other areas of the bathroom you could use the "green" board stuff, though if it cost a little more than regular drywall.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? “Water quality” is not one-dimensional … what kind of contaminats do you want to test for? If the answer is “everything” or “I don't know” then start by finding a reputable local lab, describe your concerns to them, and see what they recommend based on their knowledge of the water in the area. Once you have done a thorough one-time test, you will have a basis for deciding what (if anything) to test for on an ongoing basis. To find a lab, you could start by calling the water authorities in your town or surrounding towns. At least in my case, they were happy to recommend a local, independent lab.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? A professional can at least make a guess and come close. I know that floor refinishers routinely stain floors to try and match other floors in the house.
Is there a good way to test water quality in your house? A1 New & Used Plumbing & Heating in Somerville, MA, are most known for their radiators, but also have sinks, toilet covers, etc. If they don't have a green toilet, I bet they would at least know where to look.
Lubricant for squeaky doors I'm looking for a long term solution to my squeaky doors. Our home is fitted with brass hinges on all doors and lately they have all been starting to squeak. I've tried several silicone based lubricants but none have solved this issue permanently.
Do I need a cordless screwdriver if I own a cordless drill? I currently own a cheapo corded drill and one of DeWalt's lower-end cordless screwdrivers. I want to buy a cordless drill because I am done with extension cords. Most (good) cordless drills seem to be able to function as a screwdriver. If I did buy a cordless drill, it would probably get a lot of use as a screwdriver. Probably more than it would as a drill. Will the cordless drill be able to fill the same role as the screwdriver? Will I even need the screwdriver anymore? Are there any drawbacks to using the cordless drill as my primary power-screwing tool? For what it's worth, I plan to get a DeWalt with a Lithium battery. I haven't decided on a specific model yet, though. (Brand/Model recommendations are welcome.)
Do I need a cordless screwdriver if I own a cordless drill? You really need to make sure it states it has a screwdriver function, but yes it will effectively replace your cordless screwdriver. A simple drill will carry on turning regardless whereas a screwdriver has a clutch that stops the bit turning if it meets too much resistance. This means you don't either burn out the motor or snap the head off the screw when you drive it home. So while you could use a plain drill to drive in screws you would have to be very careful. The drawbacks of cordless are: they are £ for £ (or $ for $) lower power than the equivalent corded drill so that you have to pay more for the same drilling power. you need to keep the battery packs in good condition. you always run out of power half way through a job (or is that just me?), but this can be mitigated if you buy (or the drill comes with) a spare battery pack.
Do I need a cordless screwdriver if I own a cordless drill? Anything sold as a "screwdriver" should have a clutch in them so they won't strip the head of a screw, or can drive a screw to a set depth. (they basically just stop applying force after a fixed amount of torque) Most screwdrivers will have a "drill" setting, which will lock it, preventing this "feature from engaging. Drills, on the other hand, if they don't have this feature, you have to be careful when driving screws, or you can strip the head, or even tear the head clean off, both of which makes it more difficult to remove. If you already have a decent power drill, and you're just looking at a screwdriver for occassional tasks (not like putting up sheets of drywall), and you're not driving things that need massive amounts of power, you might want to consider one of the 'quick charge' capacitor-based models. They can fully recharge in under a minute, but they're only good for a dozen or so screws per charge. If you're working in an area with power, it's enough to put up a few things, let it charge while prepping for the next part to be screwed down, etc.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Today is cool and rainy and I noticed suds accumulating at the base of a tree. They seem to be oozing out of the tree (on one side only) and dripping down from a height of about four feet. There is some sort of lichen (?) growing on this side of the tree, but I don't see the same suds on nearby trees, some of which have the same lichen growing. Any idea what this is, and whether I need to take action? Update: Today it's not raining and the "suds" are totally gone, so it was definitely something caused or made visible by the rain.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree The electric screwdriver can sometimes fit where a bulky drill cannot, e.g., electrical boxes. Apart from that, the drill is a fine screwdriver (assuming it has a clutch, of course, but I have never seen a battery-powered drill that does not). Don't get rid of your corded drill. Battery-powered drills, especially the cheap ones, are not powerful enough for serious drilling such as a 5/8-inch hole through a 4x4 or any hole through metal.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree The underlying problem may be that the hinges are not perfectly aligned.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Properly lubricating the hinges should stop the squeaks. In short, you remove the hinges from the door, lubricate them, and put them back. You'll want to use white lithium grease. It works very well for metal on metal contact. I'm assuming simple door hinges here, like these You'll want to do each door one at time. Long Process Have someone support the door while you knock the hinge pins up and out from the bottom of each hinge. Lean the door up against the wall and unscrew the hinges from the door and the jamb. Lay out the hinges on newspaper and use the lithium grease to lubricate the pins and the inside of the barrel. The barrel is the tube that the hinge pin passes through, Usually, you let the lithium grease dry before reassembly. Follow the directions on the grease. Finally, re-attach the hinge wings to the door and jamb. With someone holding the door, re-insert the pins from the top. Enjoy the silence. Short Process Have someone support the door while you knock the hinge pins up and out from the bottom of each hinge. Lay the hinge pin on newspaper and use the lithium grease to lubricate it. Usually, you let the lithium grease dry before reassembly. Follow the directions on the grease. With someone holding the door, re-insert the pins from the top. Enjoy the silence. Do one door first, and give it few days to make sure the squeak is gone.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Greenboard (or any paper faced drywall) is an unacceptable substrate for any wet application (shower or tub stalls). Regardless of tub stall surface (tile, fiberglass, etc) you will get some moisture penetration through the shower liner and this will eventually create bigger problems. You need to install Hardibacker or Durock (or any cementitious board) as the substrate for your tub/shower stall. Matter of fact, in many municipalities it is required by building code. It only needs to be installed in the area of the tub/shower, though no need to extend further out. The rest of the bathroom can be done in greenboard though (and that isn't a bad idea).
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree There are MANY things that determine quality of water, common ones being: "Nuisance" Bacteria Not always harmful, but they do release iron and sulfur into the water during their life cycles, and form a biofilm on the well surfaces Disease-causing bacteria Most common are e. coli and coliform, but can also include fecal coliform and fecal streptococci among others You don't want any of these in the water Iron Yellow or orange color, may cause stains on laundry and fixtures, and may have a bitter taste Manganese causes black or purple color in water and may stain fixtures, and cause a bitter taste Hydrogen sulphide (sulfur) Smells like rotten eggs Can be naturally occurring, and sometimes be caused by bacteria Hard water Caused by calcium carbonate (salt) Lead Can be caused by leaded solder, and old brass plumbing components. It's a neurotoxin which is quite dangerous to drink Sand or grit Most jurisdictions have their own set of guidelines for acceptable levels of about a hundred different attributes (eg, here are the EPA contaminants limits, to my knowledge in North America, the local standards are is at or below these levels). There are currently (to my knowledge, at least) no continuous processes for checking bacteria -- though I do know of at least one company who has been working on it for commercial applications (I would guess it would cost upwards of $20k). There are some sensors that can monitor other attributes. Most are prohibitively expensive for a home (conductivity and pH come to mind that could be done for a couple hundred dollars). Here's the thing though - most of the quality attributes are unlikely to change, definitely not fast enough to actually monitor on your house. Contamination from bacteria can increase over time if your well is biofouled as the bacteria grows, but otherwise, unless you have a source of surface contamination (such as a poorly-constructed well that is not sealed properly, a dug well, or a well with direct influence from a body of water) then generally the water quality will be fairly steady. In Canada at least, most local public health units will test for e.coli and total coliform for free. You can also take your water to a lab to do a full analysis, or to a company that specializes in water treatment to do this for you. Be sure to pick one that uses an accredited lab though -- some fly-by-night/shady treatment companies will test "in house" looking for some really basic attributes, but are actually more interested in selling you a softener and a salt contract than treating the real problem (eg, doing a clean-out and then shocking your well every month or two may kill off the bacteria causing the iron or manganese in the first place -- but they make a lot less money if you do that). One option for home testing is water test strips (eg, like SenSafe makes). These are relatively cheap, and you can do them at home. Becareful though, it's not really possible to measure your water quality or safety using just these strips. They can help give you an idea, and check that your treatment is working, but don't base your health on these alone. Talk to a professional that understands the chemistry of the water and how all the different factors interact to come up with treatment options. The EPA has a decent site about Private Wells, you may want to check it out for more information. (Note: my dad ran a water treatment company for over 25 years, so although I am by no means an expert, I did pick up a few things)
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Use WD-40. Works everytime.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree For the most part, softeners are pretty simple. Softening water works by exchanging positively charged ions with sodium ions. Because softeners backwash periodically to recharge, they have a timer (and sometimes a meter) to control when this happens. One of the problems with a mechanical unit is when the power goes out, the time freezes, and just picks up where it left off when the power comes back, so it will start backwashing at strange times - most (if not all, now) electronic timers have battery backup for the time. Electronic ones have been in use for 10+ years now, and are quite reliable now. If you use a metered timer, it will regenerate during the night only after using a certain amount of water, so it wastes less brine (salt) water. Get one that is easy to service. Although softeners only have to be rebedded about once every 10 years, it should be possible to turn a bypass valve and disconnect the softener. I've seen some old units where you actually have to cut the plumbing to disconnect them, although I'm not sure if those are still on the market anymore. You don't want one of those. Pay attention to how it is connected: All of your hot water should be soft. Outside taps should be hard (you don't want to water your garden/grass with soft water), with perhaps the exception of a hose in your garage for washing cars. Some people leave their kitchen cold water tap hard, so as to reduce the amount of sodium they are drinking and cooking with, but this partially depends on preference and partially on the amount of hardness (and thus amount of sodium being added). Obviously this is a bigger concern if there are people on low-sodium diets in your house. Personally, I would avoid electronic/magnetic softeners. There has been some evidence that this can help with very low levels of hardness, there is a LOT of junk out there. I used to work summers for my dad who ran a water treatment business. We replaced one of these electronic softeners (it had wires going from each end that wrapped around the pipes) with a real softener one time, and took the electronic one back to play with. We tore it apart, and could not find any active electronics in it except for the ones that drove 5 LEDs on the front that flashed back and forth. We hooked the wires up to an oscilloscope and all it was doing was alternating between about +10 mV and -10 mV, with almost no current. I can't see how this possibly did anything -- and the home owner was replacing it with a real softener, so what does that tell you..
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree For what it's worth, I think the clutches on cordless drill/drivers are overrated. With a little practice, if you don't know already, you'll get the feel for slowing and stopping the driver as you're approaching a reasonable torque for the screw and material, just as you do with a regular hand screwdriver. Whenever I have tried using the clutch on my driver, say to speed things up if I'm driving a lot of screws at once, one of two things inevitably happens: 1) I hit a few soft spots in the material and strip out those holes, or 2) I mistrust my selected clutch setting and torque at least a few of the screws by hand. Each of these outcomes completely negates any speed advantage gained by blindly driving the screws until the clutch slips. I suppose this is more usage advice than purchasing advice since all cordless drill/drivers have clutches, so there's no need to seek it out if you want it. Your choice of a Li-ion battery is a good one -- they're lighter than the equivalent nicad tools, they are more durable, and (my favorite benefit) they don't discharge over longer periods of disuse.
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Could be spittlebugs...
Suds accumulating at the base of a tree Here's what we've done so far. I'm curious whether there may be better techniques... R-19 batts between joists to reduce noise transmission through air liquid nails on top of joists to reduce squeeking subfloor first layer of 1/2 inch plywood "green glue", a gummy substance to reduce foot fall noise transmission second layer of 1/2 inch plywood rosin paper hardwood planks Actually we haven't installed the hardwood floor yet but we tried walking around on the subfloor and talking in fairly loud voices and neither could be heard in the floor below. Adding another layer of wood should only help. One option that we skipped is to use joist isolators which are pads that go between the joists and the subfloor. I've been told that there are three principles at play when trying to reduce sound transmission: the denser the floor the better (ie concrete is better than wood) the thicker the floor the better (ie 3 inches of wood is better than 1) the fewer (and softer?) the points of contact between floor and ceiling the better (eg green glue and joist isolators) The first two are pretty clear. One example of the third is if the ceiling below is dropped and does not use the joists above for support. Instead the ceiling uses only the walls on either side, and ideally the wall studs aren't connected to the joists either.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? Let's say you have some detailed moulding around several interior doors and you want to strip the paint off with the least amount of labor (time-wise)? How would you go about it? Heat gun, chemicals, removing the trim and reinstalling, etc are all options.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? The least time route would definitely be the "remove the trim and replace with fresh" route. However, this would depend on you being able to get a suitable replacement. Heat gun is quite quick, but you have to be careful of a) the chemicals released when heating the paint and b) not scorching the wood. Heat guns shouldn't really be used where you've got lead based paint. Chemicals will be useful where you've got delicate/intricate mouldings but will probably take the longest as you might need several applications if you've got lots of layers of paint. You will definitely need to sand the mouldings if you use a heat gun, you may have to if you use chemicals. This might not be practicable for delicate/intricate mouldings.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? There are several types of regeneration options. Onet thing I would recommend is getting a metered softener rather than a strictly timer option. The metered softener regenerates at a certain time of the day when enough water has passed through it to need regenerated. You will need to have your water tested to determine the hardness and iron levels. These numbers are used to set your meter. One other thing that was recommended to me was to buy a mechanical metered unit and not an electronic one. The mechanical metered units have worked for years and do not have as many things to fail in them as the electronically metered units. I bought a softener last year and installed it myself. I got it from the website below. They answered my questions before I ordered it and shipped it to my house for free. http://www.ohiopurewaterco.com/shop/customer/home.php
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? Go to any big box store and get some 6" flexible insulated duct (this pic shows black sheathing on the outside, but it's often made of shiny reflective mylar): And a couple of 6" boots, one for each end: Use aluminum HVAC tape or a large band clamp or zip tie to connect the inner sleeve of the duct to the boots, then use another layer of tape to seal up the insulated layer and prevent it from sliding around. Cut holes in the ceiling to match the rectangular boot opening, keeping one long edge of each hole flush to a ceiling joist. Then take your duct assembly up into the attic and insert the boots into each hole. You can just leave the flexible duct lying on top of the ceiling joists. Back downstairs, use small nails (with heads, not finish nails) to nail through the inside of the boot opening into the side of the adjacent ceiling joist. Then install a couple of register grilles and you're done!
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? You could try guttersupply.com for parts.
What's the fastest way to strip paint off of a piece of installed trim/moulding? Getting someone else to do it is always the least labor-intensive: if you have a paint stripping service nearby, ask them about doing it. They'll have access to stronger chemicals than you will, and they'll also have the physical setup for taking care of fumes and toxic waste. The service that I used dunks the pieces in a bath of heated solvent which dissolves the paint: no scraping, so no potential for damage to any intricate detailing. I had a door done a while back; IIRC, they charge by surface area of the piece being treated and it was around US$100 for that (80"Hx30"Wx1.5"D) door. When I got it back, I just had to sand lightly to get the surface back to a milled condition.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I'm hanging a towel bar on a wall in a newly-built bathroom (part of a major remodel). I would like to avoid placing the bar at an "awkward" height, but I'm not sure what the proper height would be. Is there a "standard" height?
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I believe it's 48" for a bath towel. I just put up new towel bars in my bathroom, and my method was to hold the bar up with a towel on it and have my wife tell me if it looked right. Just to be sure, she even acted like she was drying her hands to see if it felt right too. If I remember correctly, it came out to 46". (We're both short - the next owners can either complain about it or raise it themselves.)
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? We have a standard floor standing heated towel rail and it is approx 36" tall. Also the towel rail on the side of our shower enclosure is 36" from the floor.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? We have several "ReStore"s in my area that have old building materials that people have donated. I always see old turquoise, coral, powder blue, ... sinks, toilets, etc. there. I imagine you can find something similar in your area to browse.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I see several specialized products to mitigate sound transmission mentioned on HGTV almost daily. One of them is always used above basement apartments by the contractor on the show Income Property. It connects to the joists and isolates the drywall below so it's only connected to them through a few screws. Unfortunately, I'm not sure what it's called, but Kinetics IsoMax looks like it may be the product they use. If not, it's similar. The other product I saw mentioned yesterday on an episode of Holmes on Homes is called QuietRock. It's drywall product that blocks sound transmission as much as 8 layers of standard drywall.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? Motor cycle chain lubricant or a 3-in-one oil works well. Motorcycle chain lubricant is designed to penetrate and provide lasting protection, though as with any lubricant, it does need to be re-applied occasionally. Lithium grease is a better option for sure, I just am putting this out there because it can be applied without taking the hinges apart, and works reasonably well. If the hinge is REALLY bad, you'll need to take it apart though.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? Doesn't look like there is anything special here.. The vent itself is not sealed, so not sure why you would need to seal the edges with caulk, but it won't hurt if you do. I don't really see any reason any special screws are needed if it's just wood around the outside. I would just probably put in some #8, 1 1/4" to 2" screws.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I've worked on software with water conditioning companies all over North America for the past 10 years, so I have a pretty good understanding of the business. My advice is to talk to several companies in your area about what they recommend. There are tons of dealers out there who can help you. They know the water in your area and the equipment best suited to your needs. Some water requires different filter media. I wouldn't be comfortable just purchasing something on my own, and I do pretty much everything on my own. I would stay away from plumbers- work with people who specialize in water treatment. To name a few companies who have dealers who can work with you: Culligan EcoWater Systems Kinetico Hellenbrand WaterCare It looks like you're in Boston... unfortunately, I've only worked with one dealer in MA, and they weren't anywhere close to you.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? If we're just talking about hardness, there are water softeners that can measure the hardness in real time and adjust their regeneration frequency to match (for example, Culligan calls theirs an "Aqua Sensor". There are also realtime TDS (total dissolved solids) meters that are used on the output side of lab-grade filtration systems. I'm not sure if there are similar units for the input side of things. Other than that, I don't know.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? The fiberglass tape is all I use. It doesn't stick very well, though.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I use a DeWalt cordless hammer drill to drive screws most of the time, but it's big and heavy. Cordless screwdrivers have their uses as well, though- I use mine for attaching electrical equipment to boxes (light fixtures, switches, outlets), for example. An DeWalt 18v lithium drill will work great. I'd go with that or a Milwaukee if I were looking for a new high quality piece. Even the really cheap stuff sold at Menards seems to work reasonably well these days.
Is there a "standard" height for towel bars in bathrooms? I think you should fix up the gutter first, here's what you should do: Find a good place that the gutter is supposed to go to like a street or join long pipes to the gutter under the mud and lead the long pipes to a street with some water. I am not sure about this suggestion but could be could help you a bit, because your garage is build to under the mud I think there is a lots of work to do. Hopefully its will be fine .Very expensive to dig again and re build it again... : ) For me the best way to do it, is to rebuild it again and do it the right way. If that is okay for your budget. ( SORRY! )
Can I trust my pressuretrol? My steam boiler, which supplies both heat and hot water, turned off a day or two ago, resulting in cold water. After some debugging, I found that the problem was with the pressuretrol, the device that turns the burner off when the boiler reaches operating pressure. It is a very simple device, as shown here: The brown box is a microswitch. Below it is a lever. The lever is pushed from below on the right side by a piston, which in turn is pushed by the steam. On the left, the lever is anchored to an adjustable spring. When the steam pressure is great enough to pull the spring, the switch opens and turns off the burner. The problem was that either the lever or the piston was stuck. A very gentle touch with the screwdriver was enough to loosen it, and bliss and hot water was restored. My question is, do I have to worry about the pressuretrol getting stuck in the closed (“on”) position, causing the pressure to rise too much and blow a pipe or (much more likely) an old, rusty radiator? Should I have the pressuretrol replaced or inspected?
Can I trust my pressuretrol? I had a leak caused in a sun-room that was hard to identify. It turns out the roof to wall flashing wasn't properly secured under the siding. It only ever leaked when there was enough water weight to push the flashing down causing it to pop out from behind the siding. Long story short, ensuring that the flashing is properly secured is one of the first things I check.
Can I trust my pressuretrol? I like graphite-based lubricants (like you'll see for loosening a frozen car door lock). Lithium grease is an excellent option, though, too.
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? Can a gravity flush toilet be swapped out for a pressure-assisted toilet? Are there any differences in plumbing, mounting, etc.?
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? It looks like there's no difference in plumbing requirements from this installation guide. This regular toilet installation guide lists the drain and vent requirements: it requires its own 2" minimum vent and a drain of at least 3" in diameter As far as retrofitting a pressure assist vessel into an old gravity flush toilet, I wouldn't try it. Pressure assist toilets are designed differently than gravity flush ones. Flushmate's website warns: The FLUSHMATE® Pressure-Assist system cannot be retrofitted into a standard, gravity-fed toilet. There might be a retrofit kit out there somewhere, but I'd be wary about how well it would work.
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? Yes it can. There are no differences on the outside. There are even some pressure-assist valves that can be retrofitted into existing toilet tanks.
Any difference for a pressure-assisted toilet? After re-reading the question, and noticed the comment that your neighbors water a lot -- If they've over-watering, and it's causing surface runoff, then a french drain / drain tile system at the surface might be the best solution (what @gregmac) said. If they're spraying onto your roof, or if you get a lot of rain naturally, I'd look to fixing the gutters first (but I'd still want to fix the gutters, anyway). If they're over-watering, but it's a long, slow soak, such that it's saturating the ground to a significant depth, you might have to go the route of digging down to the foundation and sealing the wall; you might also be able to drain away the moisture by cutting through from the inside, and installing a sump pump below the level of the foundation, but that's going to get expensive, too.
What is the proper way to join two beams on a post? I'm working on a deck that will involve two 10ft wooden beams across three wooden posts. One of the posts will be in the middle of the two beams. What is the proper method for joining the beams to the post?
What is the proper way to join two beams on a post? Typically you would have the beam sit on top of the posts and use a post tie like this one:
Need to attach deck ledger to house covering a vent I am building a deck attached to the house, and on one side I will need to have the ledger covering a section of wall that has a crawlspace vent cover. If I have a big enough gap between the ledger and the siding (maybe bigger than what you would normally do -- make it closer to 3/4" perhaps?) would that be enough space to let air escape through the vent? Or is there some other way to make sure I don't block off the ventilation?
Need to attach deck ledger to house covering a vent If your posts are large enough (e.g. 6x6), you can notch the top of the post to accept the beams, then bolt through the beams with carriage bolts. That way, all that's visible are the rounded heads of the carriage bolts, which may be important if your beam is exposed.
Need to attach deck ledger to house covering a vent I would leave a gap in the ledger where the vent is, then cover that gap with a shorter piece of ledger board that overlaps, and is lag screwed to, the main ledger. This will give your crawlspace vent 1 1/2" of breathing room, which should be fine for letting your crawlspace breathe.
At what height should a stair handrail be? I am almost dne replacing the steps to my front porch. It is 5 steps so I definitly need a handrail, but I don't know exactly how high to make it. I have some posts that should be plenty tall but I can attach the handrail at any point along the post. I assume there is some standard height from the stair tread that is usualy used in the US.
At what height should a stair handrail be? The standard is usually 34" to 38". Check your local building codes - apparently some cities specify exactly 36". The International Residential Code covers just about everything you could want to know about stair standards.
At what height should a stair handrail be? If your pressuretrol is truly acting up, I would replace it. I'm sure you've already ensured the pigtail is free of sediment, etc. In my experience as an HVAC controls tech, once mechanical controls start to act up, it's usually more cost effective to replace the item in question than continuing to rely on a compromised pressuretrol. (Murphy's Law is in full effect here). Nothing like waking up mid-winter for work with zero hot water and a replacement pressuretrol is backordered (no, this has never happened to me before...) You have a high pressure safety relief for the boiler if in fact the pressuretrol did stick on, so you're covered from catastrophic events - however ensuring your BMS is working properly is more important. Plus if that safety lifts, if the overpressure in the system hasn't damaged any control valve(s) - you're still gonna have a huge mess on your hands. Basically - don't rely on built in safeties to protect you from out of bounds conditions you can control :)
At what height should a stair handrail be? The Stairway Manufacturing Code Association published the International Residential Code (PDF Link) in 2006 which tells you just about everything you could ever want to know about stairs, including: minimum headroom depth (6' 8") minimum tread depth (10") maximum rise (7.75") maximum tread depth variability (3/8") maximum rise variability (3/8") maximum slope of riser (30°)
At what height should a stair handrail be? Power wires are not supposed to be run parallel to low-voltage wires within 12". The only time they should get closer is if they are crossing over each other at a right angle (to cut down on interference). They are not allowed to run in the same conduit or terminate in the same box as each other. Otherwise the power cable could short to the much smaller data cable and turn it into a nice long heating filament. I've run nothing but Cat5 and RG6 coax in my house, with Leviton QuickPort wall plates & inserts. They have jacks with almost anything on the front that connect to Cat5 on the back (think binding posts for speakers, RCA jacks for audio or composite/component video, S-video, RJ45, RJ11, ...) I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet when I get a display with HDMI input, though.
Energy Audit (WellHome) We recently had an energy audit done by WellHome, a new division of Masco, which is a manufacturer of many types of home/building fixtures and services. They seemed to do a very thorough job, using high-tech equipment including thermal imaging which showed significant heat infiltration (I live in Austin, TX) in the places I'd expect. Air leakage was 1900CFM50 which they said was somewhat high but not outrageous. After reviewing the printed report I generally agreed with their findings. The cost of the audit was reasonable ($49) and included no obligation to use them for remediation, although the report included a list of suggested remediation items and none of the prices looked out of line. In fact the cost for replacing the windows with double-pane argon-filled vinly-frame units was quite a bit less than I expected. This was the highest cost item ($9000) but was the lowest suggested priority because according to the report there's more effective "low-hanging fruit". There was no sales pressure at all. Based on our specific audit, they will "guarantee" a 23% energy savings. Based on a year's worth of utility bills we spend about $1600/year on heating/cooling (is that low?), due to having already picked the really low-hanging fruit (CFLs, conservative thermostat settings), Assuming that they can deliver the savings, it would only amount to about $370/year for a $20000 investment, which clearly makes no sense financially unless it contributes significantly to the equity. The question: Is this worth considering at all for reasons other than pure enviromental altruism? Note: I would have used better tags but with less than 150 rep I can't create the tag "energy-audit". EDIT: One commenter suggested this question looks like a sales-pitch. On re-reading, I can see that my tone is quite positive, which I guess reflects my feeling about the process. However, I will categorically state that I have no connection to Masco or WellHome (no idea how I can prove it, however :-)
How do I replace a 3-way lamp socket so that it doesn't die after 6 months? I've replaced the 3-way socket in a table lamp about 4 times in the past 6 years. Each time it works for 6 months or so, but eventually the secondary contact that touches the "ring" on the base of the 3-way bulb (the low-intensity filament) starts arcing and the lamp flickers. This progresses to the point where the lamp flickers most of the time, at which point I replace the socket. Up until this last time the only sockets I could find locally were Leviton brand. Last weekend I found a Westinghouse brand socket at the local DIY box store. Why does this happen? Anybody else have this problem? Will the Westinghouse 3-way socket have the same problem, and does anybody make a socket that will last longer? EDIT: Adding some answers to good questions raised in posts below: Does the arcing problem happen with new bulbs? Once it starts arcing it happens with any bulb. The contact for the low-wattage filament (the off-center contact) looks pitted and corroded. Is the lampshade (if any) attached to the bulb, and could be stressing the socket? The lampshade is attached to a harp, there's no mechanical stress on the bulb. When it starts arcing, are the bulbs loose? If so, can they be tightened? Or are they screwed down all the way, but they wiggle laterally? When a socket first starts flickering, tightening the bulb more tightly will quiet it for awhile, but that stops working eventually.
How do I replace a 3-way lamp socket so that it doesn't die after 6 months? To my knowledge, this insulated 3 port splice connector is the safest product on the market right now. Unfortunately, I don't know who actually makes it or what it's called- just what it looks like. NSi Industries (Tork) makes something similar (their IPL series), but I'm not sure if they make really small ones like you need.
How do I replace a 3-way lamp socket so that it doesn't die after 6 months? As you'd need to maintain those $370/year savings for 54 years to gain any return on your investment you do need to consider other factors. As you point out - you need to work out if it significantly increase the value of your home. Another side to this though is would it make your house significantly easier to sell? In a buyers market if you can offer things that others can't - full insulation, double glazing etc. then you might find a buyer more quickly and one willing to meet your asking price. Pure environmental altruism is, by definition, impossible to put a figure on. Only you can decide whether $20,000 is an "investment" you want to make. Finally, something that has just occurred to me. By doing this work you might get ahead of any future legislation requiring you to fit double glazing, extra draught-proofing etc. So if you can afford it now you won't have to make the investment later when you might not be able to afford it or when prices go up because there's more demand. The downside to this is that future laws might be stricter or have tighter limits which would mean that you still need to do some work.
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush? I have recently painted using Hammerite metal paint. When I tried to clean the brush afterwards using White Spirit, I noticed it didn't work. Hammerite sells a specialized cleaning product, but I'd like to use a product that is useful in other situations too. Is there anyone who knows what kind of cleaning product might help?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush? Maybe you've got something else going on? I've never seen this problem before and I have a number of 3-way lamps!
Why might our washing machine cause our clothes to smell damp when dry? Recently we've noticed that our clothes smell damp once dried. It doesn't matter if we tumble-dry them, hang them outside or hang them indoors. This leads me to believe it's our washing machine. We don't leave clothes in the washing machine long after the cycle is complete. The washing machine waste pipe is plumbed into the waste pipes under the sink in the kitchen, on the house-side of the trap. I've had the trap off and the washing machine's waste pipe and there doesn't seem to be a cause for the smell. I reckon it's inside the washing machine (I've checked and cleaned the washing machine filter). What other things can I check for the cause of the smell? Are there products I can put through the machine to eradicate it or could there be corrosion inside that means I need to buy a new machine?
Can granite countertops be used as a desktop on a custom desk? Granite countertops have become quite popular lately. How is Granite typically fastened to base cabinets? Would it be suitable to use as a desktop, say with just four legs attached to it (not a full frame like a base cabinet)? Or would a structure like a base cabinet be needed with a wood frame on all sides underneath to support and fasten the granite?
Can granite countertops be used as a desktop on a custom desk? You can use a silicone adhesive to attach a slab of granite to use as a desktop. As long as the desk itself is sturdy and stable, it shouldn't be an issue. If the desk will be free standing (not attached to a wall), make sure it wont be too top heavy. You don't want your granite tipping over.
How do I put a fluorescent light on a motion sensor? I have a couple closets in my basement that I have outfitted with a fluorescent light attached to a motion sensor (this one). The idea was that when you open the closet door, the light comes on automatically (and turns off automatically when you close it). The first problem I ran into was trying to use a light with an electronic ballast, which didn't work at all. After reading the instructions I found that you have to use a light with a magnetic ballast. So, i replaced the light with one that has a a magnetic ballast, and now it comes on just fine when the door is opened. After closing the door and waiting a minute or so the light should turn off. But instead of turning off it just begins to flicker very rapidly. Any one have any ideas about what might be causing that or what I might have done wrong? Or any personal experience with fluorescent lights that will work with a motion sensor? I thought about just using an incandescent light instead, but seems that code doesn't allow incandescent lights in closets.
How do I put a fluorescent light on a motion sensor? The consensus of opinion on the Ultimate Handyman forum seems to be to use an old brush and throw it away after use. A couple of alternatives are suggested: Ordianry cellulose thinners will also work. So presumably the Hammerite product is cellulose thinners based. and I wrap mine very tightly in plastic and stick them in my brushmate, as long as i use them every couple of months they stay reasonably soft, even if they go a little stiff a drop of hammerite thiners brings them back to life. Which is something I do overnight (or a couple of days at most) when using gloss paint. It does keep the bristles soft for a while so saves on white spirit and having to find a clean brush for the next coat.
What is the best way to fix bleach stains? A large amount of bleach was spilled on our carpet, and I'm wondering how we can try to restore the color. The carpet is a light tan color.
What is the best way to fix bleach stains? I wouldn't just try to attach the legs directly to the granite (or really any material used as a work surface). The result will probably be quite unstable. I'd build a free standing frame and then fix the worktop to that.
What is the best way to fix bleach stains? I've only tried putting CFLs on motion sensors, and I have no idea what type of ballast they were. The only ones that work are labeled as 'instant-on', and they seemed to charge a premium for them. I'd occassionally run into the same problems you had, with the flickering, but even worse is that the life of the bulb was dramatically shortened. I had the motion sensor (same one as you, I think) in my kitchen for less than a year before the bulb failed. In that case, the motion sensor was built into a wall switch, and the switch itself was wired for 3-way. (I never took out the other switch). I've had better luck outside, with the light on my porch (that one didn't need an 'instant on' bulb, come to think of it), where the motion sensor was built into the fixture itself. That one's pretty tempremental, as it worked for months, then suddenly stopped working ... but I suspect it to be the fixture, not the bulbs, as it behaves the same way with incandescent. ... My suggestion would be in your case, if the restriction is on incandescent lamps specifically, that you look into LEDs. My roommate got some inexpensive LED lights for cabinets that are battery powered, with a magnetic sensor (a similar concept to this item, but not the same model) -- you attach the magnet to the door, and the lamp to the door frame. When you open the door, the magnet detaches, the circuit closes, and the lamp turns on. It might not cast enough light for what you're looking for, though.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? In my home the dryer vent is set up to vent out into an enclosed back porch. The problem is that all sorts of lint (and heat) get pumped out into that enclosed area and makes a mess. Directly above the dryer there is a ventilation pipe that goes to the roof (also connected to the vent in the bathroom) that I could easily re-route the dryer vent into. A couple of questions about this: 1) Is it a generally accepted practice to vent a dryer up through the roof, or does a dryer vent have to generally be at a level or downward slope? 2) Is it okay to use the same vent line as the bathroom or am I asking for trouble? 3) Is there a recommend maximum distance for venting a dryer that I am going to exceed going from the first floor of a home to the roof?
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? I would not do this for exactly the reasons you've asked about: 1) By sharing the bathroom vent pipe, you're ensuring that at least half the gunk that's being spewed onto your porch is going to be spewed into your bathroom unless you can find and install some kind of one-way flapper between the new "Y" fitting and the bathroom. If you do find and install such a thing, it's going to be difficult to keep clean and operational. 2) I'm assuming since you say "first floor" that you also have a second floor, in which case that's a long way to go to get up to the roof. It's not such a big deal for the bathroom fan to vent up there, but that's a long way for lint from the dryer to be carried, and it's going to be more likely to collect on the walls of the pipe over that long distance. Do you have a crawlspace or basement that you could run a new pipe through?
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Your carpet is now light tan, or used to be light tan? Either way, the only thing I know of is to try to dye it back, and odds are, you're either going to dye more than you wanted (darkening the edges) or miss the edge ... either way, it's going to miss, and won't be 100% restored. I'd consider rearranging the furniture (ie, hide it with a couch), or put a throw rug overtop if it's in the middle of the floor. If it's in an area that's prone to issues, you can always replace just a section of the carpet with some other material -- at my mom's house we put some hardwood down just inside the back door where the cats liked trying to dig their way under a door, rather than replace the whole room.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Going through the roof is fine, the idea is to make the run as straight and short as possible. First floor through roof is not ideal, so keep it under 25 feet. I'd worry about return air. If you go through the roof, I would not use the same line as a bathroom (note my condensation problem). I'll let you know how my new cap works out (if it ever arrives), you'll want something like that as well to keep the outside air out of your dryer.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Can you continue the vent on the porch to an exterior wall? Maybe put in a 90 degree bend and continue the vent pipe along the wall of the house? Here is a list of maximum vent length, down toward the bottom of the page. I wouldn't try to share the bathroom vent. I can see several potential downfalls. The dryer may actually vent into the bathroom which will fill it with hot, moist air if not lint. The bathroom may vent through your dryer. The bathroom fan may fill with lint, making it inoperable at best, and causing a fire hazard in the worst case.
Can a dryer be vented through the roof? Is your washing machine front-loading? I know some (many?) front-loaders have mildew problems because water gets trapped around the seal. Cleaning the seal and leaving the door open when not in use may help.
What are the advantages and disadvantages to timber framing vs. platform framing? Within in the next 10-years, my wife and I would like to replace the old modular home on our property with a new house. I've been having some discussions with a friend of mine who is a huge fan of timber frame construction. Looking at examples of well-done timber frames, I have to agree with him when it comes to the aesthetic appeal of the exposed timbers. He has touted some of the benefits of timber framing to be (not an extensive list): Speed of construction. Squareness of resulting frame (I suspect a well-done platform frame can be quite square as well) Aesthetic (personal taste I guess) Cost of materials Cost of labor (takes more skilled labor, but goes up quickly) Robustness He touts it as an ideal framing method for non-developer building (i.e.- for building your home.. it wont scale well to a developer putting up hundreds of houses). When I asked him what the drawbacks would be, the only things he could think of were: finding a good crew to do the framing, and sourcing the timbers can take some time. Neither of these issues would be a deal breaker for me as I have plenty of time, and he is connected with some very good framers. So, my question (perhaps too open ended) are: what advantages and disadvantages am I missing?
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? I'm remodeling a bathroom, and some of the copper tubing needs to be replaced, due to leaks and the need to reposition fixtures. Is it feasible and recommended to convert from copper tubing to PEX? For instance, could I use something like this where the copper comes out of the slab, and run PEX the rest of the way to the fixtures? My motivation is (perceived) ease of working with the PEX, especially the ability to position it where I need to for the shower valve assembly. I say perceived, because I've not ever worked with PEX before - is that asking for trouble?
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Along the same lines as Brian, I've never had this problem. Some questions about other causes: Does the arcing problem happen with new bulbs? Is the lampshade (if any) attached to the bulb, and could be stressing the socket? When it starts arcing, are the bulbs loose? If so, can they be tightened? Or are they screwed down all the way, but they wiggle laterally?
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Assuming you're talking about motion sensors like this: Switches like that need power. They can work by trickling current through incandescents if hooked up like a normal single-throw switch (in series with feed going to lights). If the switch has 4 wires (hot, return, switched, and ground) then you can hook them all up and it will power itself using it's own hot + return. In that case, it shouldn't have to trickle power through the light's circuit, and fluorescents should be able to turn off.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? If you have a front-load washing machine, and close the door when it's not in use, it can develop smells which can then transfer to clothes. Leave the door open if possible - at least until the interior has had a chance to dry. Most front-load manufactures recommend a cleaning process by running an empty load with bleach and hot water. My front-load GE has a "hidden" filter - it's not mentioned in the owners manual at all, but it does occasionally get clogged up, and loads take much longer to finish than they should. You might want to pull off a panel and see if yours has one as well. Edit: According to this, over-using soap - and apparently everyone uses too much - can also lead to a buildup of mold and mildew.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? We had some issues with our top loading washing machine. I took the fabric softener section out of the center agitator and thoroughly cleaned it. This helped improve the smell and alleviated the problem we had of some random spots on our clothes.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? There is no real right answer here. Obviously if you just crunch the numbers it is a very long ROI. Personally if it were my house and I had the budget and inclination to do something, I would start with projects that are currently subsidized by the government or energy company. I would also consider doing any really cheap but effective (according to the audit) fixes. Regarding the windows, unless buyers in your area expect them I would see if there are other lower cost fixes you can do first (even though there is the federal tax credit). Maybe you could just to a few of the windows in the rooms you use the most so you can still use the tax credit without spending $9K.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Yes you can do that (it's the standard way of converting to/from copper), and it shouldn't cause any troubles (read http://diy.stackexchange.com/questions/1331/why-would-you-use-copper-over-cpvc-or-pex and http://diy.stackexchange.com/questions/261/does-pex-tubing-have-any-advantages-over-copper for some comparisons). Of note: you can get the male adapters that fit on the outside of copper pipe, and also that fit on the inside of copper fittings (like a street elbow). Can be handy sometimes if you're working in a tight space, or were going to immediately make a turn anyways (since you're soldering the fitting anyways, it's barely any extra work to do an elbow+adapter, and saves a PEX elbow and couple of crimp rings).
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? Some motion sensors also have photocells to detect ambient light. If the photocell sees the light output by the fixture (for example by having it reflect off the inside of the closet door) it can cause the rapid flickering you're seeing. The model of motion detector you have does have this feature and it can be adjusted (instructions [PDF]). Otherwise, you can try blocking the photocell with a piece of electrical tape. If you have the model PR180, the fourth (red) wire is for connecting a three-way switch.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? I can think of one disadvantage to timber framing vs. platform or balloon framing, and that's the need of a crane. Depending on your site, bringing in a crane to install the upper members might be a problem, whereas with stick-built, you're not moving as heavy of pieces, so it's not as much of an issue. (it still might be useful when it comes to roof trusses, though, but it's not necessarily required) An advantage is that timber-framed structures can span very large areas, so if you like an open design, great rooms, and the like, it's very easy to do. As none of the internal walls need to be load bearing, you can more easily move things around should you need to add a bedroom or remove one down the road. ... but before you built, you might also want to consider comparing to other newer building methods, such as SIPs (structural insulated panels; built off-site, then get craned in and installed in over the course of a few days, so the building envelope isn't open for very long), or ICE (insulated concrete forms; install like blocks, rebar is placed, then you pump in concrete). Both have great thermal characteristics, if you're in a climate that needs it. With anything that's not platform built, you're also going to want to check with your local permits office -- anything that's not what they're used to dealing with is going to slow things down considerably.
Can I convert/adapt to PEX from copper tubing? If you want to make this task really easy, you can use a sharkbite. Its a connector than can join different tubing without the need for soldering. While expensive for a connector, ~$5, it will save you the hassle of sweating pipes, especially if they are in a hard to reach area. You can find them at HomeDepot, not sure what other stores carry them.
What is the purpose of a watt regulator in my ceiling fan? The lights on my harbor breeze fan stopped working this morning. When I came home from work, I got the ladder and took down the lights. I don't have a multimeter but I saw that there is this Watt Regulator (pic below) in the fan. I traced the wires and it seems that this may have been the culprit. I snipped the wires, got some wire nuts, and wired directly into the 120V circuit. Ta-da! Lights are back and fan is working normal. Question is : What is the purpose of this watt regulator? Why do some fans include it?
What is the purpose of a watt regulator in my ceiling fan? A regulator would normally be used either to change the speed of the fan or the brightness of the lights. If this regulator didn't have any external controls like a pull chain, is there a chance this fan at one time had a remote control?
How do I replace weather strips on our outside doors? We have a rather annoying cat who has scratched all of our outside doors and ripped the weather stripping with her claws. How do I go about replacing this stripping and are there any weather strips on the market that may be less prone to being torn up in the future?
How do I select a color to paint various rooms in my home? What color guides are best? I am prepare to paint my "old" house rooms, to clean it up. But I do not know how to select a color to paint my bedroom, my baby room, and other living room. This house did not have too much light because is on base floor surround with buildings and I wish for bright colors that make people relax on bedroom. Are there any general guides to help me out on this ? Or any sites with ideas or proposals.
How do I select a color to paint various rooms in my home? What color guides are best? I agree with ChrisF's comment that this is subjective. I doubt you'd share my love of bright fuchsia with lime green trim I have in all my rooms. That being said, Behr's "Paint Your Place" is a tool that allows you to pick colors and add them to a picture you've uploaded to get a better idea of what the finished room would look like.
How do I select a color to paint various rooms in my home? What color guides are best? If you (like me) have no sense of color, go with the colors that have been “standard” for the last decade, at least here in America: various lighter shades of gray with a tint of other colors for warmth. While not terribly exciting, these colors will at least make your home look updated. Use glossy or semi-glossy paint for trim and flat paint for walls, except maybe kitchen and bathrooms. The colors will probably be on display at the paint store. You can also see them in magazines and real estate ads. To see them in action, go to open houses for new track homes/McMansions (if you have those in Athens).
How do I choose a furnace airfilter? I have a furnace/air-conditioner that can support filters of various thicknesses: 1", 2", or 4". Filters are available in various MERV ratings. How should I decide which filter to use?
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? Last winter I covered my windows in my apartment with a window sealing kit so keep out any drafts. The winds and temperatures are pretty extreme around here and the plastic would peel away from some sections. The windows are inset into the wall and don't have any trim around them besides at the bottom where the sill sticks into the room. This creates a problem because I don't have a good way to seal around the sill so I had to just stick the plastic to the top of it. The wind and temperature causes the tape to peel up a lot easier in this setup because of the angle the tape is stuck. I don't really see any other way around it. Any ideas for how I can set this up better to make sure this thing stays completely sealed through the winter? (This picture I stole from http://abillco.com/sills-wooden-mdf-pine-oak-window-stained-painted/index.htm)
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? Depends a bit on your furnace. If you have someone that services your furnace, ask them. I used to use a pleated filter with a high MERV value. The second time my furnace broke when it was well below 0 degrees, I spent some time talking with the service man. Apparently the type of furnace I have does not draw air through these filters as well as it should. This causes this part to burn out. I now use the filters that are fiberglass screens and no longer have the problem.
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? A friend of mine did the same thing in their closet. However, they did it with a special switch installed in the door frame. When the door is closed, it presses on the switch which turns off the light. When the door is opened, the switch is activated, and the light comes on. Then it is just a normal light fixture, and florescent lights can work fine.
How do I keep the plastic window insulators sealed when the window has a sill? I have seen sheetrock that is advertised as "sound-damping". Using this as the ceiling downstairs may help. Not sure how good the claim is - it was vendor advertising.
What compound should I use to fill drilled holes in cinder block? I have some holes drilled previously on my house that I would like to fill in. Do they make a liquid concrete in a tube compound that I can squeeze into the holes to fill them in and keep wasps out? Outer part of brick has stucco as well.
What compound should I use to fill drilled holes in cinder block? Quikrete mortar repair sounds like it would do the trick.
What compound should I use to fill drilled holes in cinder block? In some places you can lease solar. They maintain all upkeep. You pay a bit extra each month but have no upfront costs. I can only post one hyperlink, but know of three companies. They are Solar City, SunRun and Sungevity. However, as mentioned by @jay, generating your own power is the last step. First you need to calculate your usage. Then reduce. Then power. Most people do a basic calculation, and very little reduction...
How do I cap off / remove a single sprinkler head? I have a corner in my yard that is getting too much water from the sprinkler system. The grass is drowning and moss is growing because it's constantly wet. The adjacent zone seems to throw enough water on that spot. Can I somehow cap off that one rotor, or will I need to completely remove it? If capping, is it a matter of replacing the rotor with a cap. If removal is necessary, will I need to remove that whole spur pipeline, or can that branch just stay in ground full of water?
How do I cap off / remove a single sprinkler head? It depends on where the sprinkler head is located within that zone. If the sprinkler head that you are capping is not a dead end on the line, then you can cap it at this sprinkler head. If it is a dead end, then you need to go to the prior sprinkler head to cap the line. A dead end occurs with the last sprinkler in a series. Capping a dead end leaves water in the underground line with nowhere to go. If the sprinklers are spaced far apart, this wastes water pressure. In areas prone to freezing, it can cause water in the line to ice and damage the pipe. Dead ends should be capped at the preceding or next-to-last sprinkler head. Reference: http://www.doityourself.com/stry/how-to-cap-off-a-sprinkler-head And you do not replace the rotor with a cap but actually just remove the sprinkler head and cap the line. Removing the sprinkler head is very easy to do. Just get a trowel and dig down around the sprinkler head until you have enough clearance to unscrew the current sprinkler head without getting soil in the line. But before you start the work on capping/removing this sprinkler head, I would try adjusting either the current sprinkler head or the other zones sprinkler head to reduce the amount of water being delivered to that spot. Depending on the type of sprinkler heads you have, you might be able to replace/adjust one or both of the sprinkler nozzles to reduce the flow. Or look into adjusting the pattern on the sprinkler to deliver less water in your area. Or you can even reduce the amount of time that one of these zones is watering. My point is that someone already did all that work to install the line and sprinkler so try some other steps first. There have been plenty of times that I have planted a tree or plant or did some other landscaping that blocked a sprinkler heads spray area and then wished I had another head in that location.
How do I identify support beams? I'd like to remodel a couple rooms in our home, but am unsure how to identify support beams when the time comes. Are there any easily-identifiable things I should look for to keep my house from crashing to the ground?
How do I identify support beams? Scott Adams (Yes that one), recently wrote an article,'How I (almost) saved the earth' talking about his experiences with solar cells. Ultimately he concluded they weren't worth it from a ROI perspective. We have a photovoltaic system for generating electricity. That's the most visible sign of a green home, and probably the dumbest. I expect the system to pay for itself in nominal dollars, perhaps in 15 years. But if I compare it with the most obvious alternative, it makes no economic sense. The smart alternative would have been to wait until the costs for systems like this drop by 50%, which will probably happen in a few years. I confess that we put in the photovoltaic system partly for psychological reasons. I heard great stories of energy meters "spinning backwards" and I wanted in on that. But thanks to our local power company, PG&E, I've been unable to determine if the system is working at all. I know for sure that during the first four months I generated power for PG&E, gave it to them for free and then bought it back at full price. It had something to do with a delay in PG&E getting the right kind of meter installed. Now we have the right meter, but no backward-spinning anything that I can detect. And I think I'm getting billed full price, but I can't decipher the impenetrable documents they send me.
Can I wire a light with 3 switches in a 4-way switch configuration with one switch being a dimmer? I have an overhead light wired with a single-pole dimmer switch on one side of the room and a 3-way non-dimmer switch on the other. I would like to add a third switch to this circuit if it's possible without losing the ability to dim the light. Is this possible? Also, the wiring diagrams I've found online all have the power going into the first (3-way) switch. In my situation the power enters at the ceiling fixture. What do I need to do differently for this?
Can I wire a light with 3 switches in a 4-way switch configuration with one switch being a dimmer? Here is a page I just found with diagrams for various 4-way configurations, including one with one of the 3-way switches being a dimmer. Here is a 3-way dimmer switch from Lutron. Looks like I'm all set!
Sump Pump Recommendations I have an outdoor sump pit in front of my basement door to prevent water coming in during strong rain storms. In the pit is a 5 gallon bucket with a 1/4 hp automatic pump. Here's more information on my setup and problems. The sump pump just can't keep up during flash flood level storms. So, any recommendations for sump pumps? Brands you can trust? Specific models that have worked well for you?
Sump Pump Recommendations Go to any paint or big box store, and pick up a couple of the brochures/booklets from the paint companies. They have various color schemes that go together included in them (including the actual paint chips) and so really it's just a matter of picking one you like.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance My front loading washing machine is acting out of balance. It's not too bad when spinning empty but if there are clothes in it, it rocks and makes loud squeaking noises. I've leveled it, front to back and side to side are within level using a 4' bubble level. When it's spinning I can see that the drum moves front to back relative to the door. Can I open it and re-level the drum? Any idea how to level the drum?
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance better you have to do is get the color wheel sample,then easy to combine them which color you like.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance got to this site, hopefully can help you out. http://video.bobvila.com/m/21319451/installing-a-pocket-door.htm
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance If in doubt, don't. It might be worth paying a structural engineer to take a look and let you know if it's safe to remove a wall. Depending on the layout and age of the house, it may not be possible to know without doing some destruction down to the studs to see for sure.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance My last house had all sorts of awful water issues like this, so I feel your pain... In a flash-flood type situation, there isn't much that you're going to do with a pump. You didn't describe the terrain too much, but you need to find a way to redirect some of the water in a different direction. If you have gutters that empty in the area, direct the water further away from the house. Other things that may help: Remove paved or other water-impervious areas. Plant vegetation that will absorb water flow. Google "rain garden" Build a French drain around the area. If it makes sense, dig a drywell. When municipal systems have issues with flash-flood rain, they install cisterns to capture some of the overflow if redirection can't work.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance Definitely replace the gutter, but before to do that make it sure the foundation is still okay and no damage around.Find out the source of tha main problem then fix it before to getting worse. problem.
Front loading washer leveled but acts out of balance This IS a problem, one that you should repair. If you have a basement, then the water will seep into the ground, then look for somewhere to go. You basement (if you have one) is a big, empty hole. Water can navigate into it, even if the basement walls are water-proofed. Water is surprisingly forceful, and very persistent. The water will end up causing long term damage if you let this continue. The water can cause other damage, even if you don't have a basement. As that water runs off the roof and splashes down, it will splash against the house walls. This may cause moisture problems of its own in your walls. So just fix the gutters. An immediate repair is always easier than fixing both the gutters and the problems the failed gutters will cause in the near future.
How can I drill through a Linoleum floor? I would like a drill a hole through my dining room floor to run a wire. The floor is carpeted, so I pulled back the carpet in the corner to find an old linoleum floor. I attempted to drill a hole through it, but the linoleum seemed to melt and then form an impenetrable barrier. What type of drill bit could I use to get through the linoleum and the wood below?
How can I drill through a Linoleum floor? Should have mentioned the washer is mounted on a pedestal. It seems the screws holding it to the pedestal needed to be tightened. It's working fine now. Thanks for the help.
How can I drill through a Linoleum floor? Maybe a hole saw? I'd say it's worth a shot if you have one - or cheap ones are around $5-10. Otherwise, you could always try cutting with a utility knife until you're past the linoleum. Then drill after you've peeled it back. I doesn't have to be pretty if it's going to be beneath carpet.
Why don't the textures of drywall patches match the room? I recently remodeled a bedroom and installed new drywall. We painted the walls and ceiling with flat paint (since this is in the master bedroom and it is supposed to "hide" imprefections better than glossy finishes). But then we had a few "screw pops" in the ceiling where the drywall screws starting coming out (either due to the wood supporting the drywall drying or poor installation on my part to begin with). I decided to fix the screws by adding new screws to hold the drywall up against the joists and either removed the old screws or screwed them deeper into the drywall. Then I patched the holes and repainted. I figured since I was using the same paint and we had put the initial coat on a month earlier the pathes would be invisible. The color is a perfect match (it is the same paint after all) but the "finish" is all wrong. In artificial light or when looking at it on an angle you can still clearly see the patches. Is there anything I can do to get this finish to match? Is this all happening because my paint is the try "flat enamel" and not an eggshell or semi-gloss? The initial coat on the walls (before the repair) was done with a roller while the paint over the patches was done with a brush. However I don't think that made a difference because there are not brush strokes visible and the difference is not where the new paint is (a larger area than the patches) but it just the patched/sanded area.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? The trip lever for the drain in my bath tub is very old (I'm guessing 30+ years) and has begun corroding and rusting. It's definitely time to replace it. I plan to replace the entire trip lever along with the trim plate, linkage, and drain plug. Any tips for replacing it with a new one? What should I look for when buying the replacement parts? Are they all standard or do I need to be sure to look for a particular size to fit the existing tub? Any gotchas I should be aware of while removing the old one or installing the new one?
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? Did you paint just one coat over the patches, or two? I've noticed texture differences when I patch something between the first and second coats. Something else you could try is to prime over the patch first, and then paint.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? Painting with a roller leaves an "orange peel" type texture that you can't match exactly with a brush. When you brushed your new paint on, the orange peel texture in the unsanded areas just telegraphed through your new brushed paint, but the smoothly sanded parts had no such base texture so they look visibly smoother. To fix this I'd go over your patches again with a small roller and you should get the same sheen and texture as in the original paint.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? The difference in the texture is because a roller was used originally and then you are painting the patch with a brush. Use a roller on the second coat and you will notice the texture will match exactly. That is one of the reasons why you are told to cut in on the edges with a brush first and then roll out the rest of the wall... because if you do it the other way around, then you will end up with a brush width area along all edges with a different texture.
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever? Extended Spade Bit.
Can I vent a dryer from the same mechanical closet as a water heater.? I'm currently looking at a condo to purchase and the existing "closet" that contains the plumbing and venting for a washer/dryer is a bit on the small side. It's probably not that big of a renovation to expand that space given the layout, etc, but there's also a small room that holds units gas water heater. I'm wondering if there's likely any SAFE way to house the washer/dryer in the same space as the gas water heater, being able to share the venting between them. I'm not optimistic that it's doable, but figured it didn't hurt to see some opinions.
Can I vent a dryer from the same mechanical closet as a water heater.? better to remove the old one, then bring it with you when you do shopping, then show to the place where is you gonna buy it, or go to the second hand renovation shop and could be they have a spare of the old bathtub. But I believe there is have somewhere. And I think they are still standard... Good luck : )
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? I've used these anchors in the past...I really like them for heavy duty mounting in drywall (for things such as vertical standards for shelves). However, these make pretty big holes in the drywall. Eventually if you take them down, put up new ones in different spots, they will essentially add many little holes to the drywall. You can patch it up, but the patched up spots won't have the same holding power. What are my alternatives, if any?
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? if you refer to the "Microparticle Performance Rating", such as the difference between red Filtrete and purple Filtrete (and there are cheaper or more expensive then these 2), then I would say that it depends on: 1. do you have pets? 2. does anyone in your family get allergies, especially when you turn the heat/ac on? If yes to both, go with higher filter. If no, go with a lower one. One thing I do is in the winter, I start with the cheapest (about $3, 1") filter. Since in the first month, most of the big junk will get into the filter (junk waiting all summer to get sucked into the vent). After the first month of heavy use, maybe 2, I switch to a slightly more expensive one (usually the Red). I have no pets.
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? An alternative to using a large wall anchor for heavy duty mounting is to always find a wall stud for whatever item you are hanging on the wall. Then you can use a smaller gauge screw (or nail) without any type of anchor required. This will leave a smaller hole in the drywall and give you all the strength you need, but limit you to the places where you can position the item. I am not sure what the weight of the item is that you are looking to hang on the wall but another alternative could be to just use drywall screws without any wall anchor. In my house I do this a lot with light pictures, etc. A drywall screw positioned at a slight downward angle has a good amount of holding power especially if it is something that is not going to get a lot of use but just sit there (I do not recommend just a drywall screw for something like a coat hook). And then you can always use picture hangers like this that would only make a small nail hole: Or even those sticky Picture Hanging Strips like this:
What are some alternatives to wall anchors? I suggest you try some OOK Hangers. They are easy to install, don't make large holes, and hold a surprising amount of weight.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? I'm looking at purchasing an older home as a primary dwelling. On going through the house with an experienced Realtor and several experienced DIY people for reference (but not a home inspector or other professional), I've identified several possible problems: A very cold basement, some smells, and other signs - including the seller's agent mentioning possible water into the basement, points to the presence of at least mildew and maybe mold The metal pipes appear to be corroding in places Flickering lights when other electricity is run and very old switches and outlets indicate possible wiring issues The dryer is not vented to the outside, which is a fire code violation There is a recent crack in a wall due to (speculation at this point) a window being replaced with a new window that has too big of a header The flooring in the kitchen is an odd orange color from some sort of leak There are several settlement cracks in walls, ceilings, and what looks to be one in a floor Perhaps some of these problems could be addressed via DIY, but many of them require professionals (I am no plumber or electrician, although I can handle things like fixing flooring and drywall). Is there a way to get an informal estimate on some of the issues to figure out if the cost of the house plus the cost of the repairs is within my budget or not? I'd like to be able to do this prior to making an offer - if I decide the headache is worth it - so that I can offer what the house would be worth without the many repairs needed.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? When looking for a home inspector you could try to find one who is knowlegable about renovation/remodeling that may be able to give you ballpark figures. Another option would be to have a good general contractor walk through with you and give you an general estimate. Personally my major concern is the last point regarding the settlement cracks, it sounds like a potential foundation problem which would be no fun at all. The electrical is probably ancient knob and tube and has been overloaded over the years as electrical demand has increased. Is there a new breaker box or fuses? Even if it is a breaker box you still proabably have lots of old k&t. This can be a real pain to replace without punching lots of holes in the walls/ceiling. The basement probably has water coming in. Not a uncommon at all, there are lots of companies that will waterproof it for you. Personally I get it water proofed from the outside if you don't want to deal with the water in there or if you want to finish the basement.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? After realizing I had screw holes in my rubber and some other problems, I had to do a total roof replacement. So, sealing this gap wasn't my solution.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? Very likely not. The codes around heating and cooling are very specific about the sizing of vent pipes - if the pipe is too small, you'll get back pressure and carbon monoxide issues. If the pipe is too large, you'll get condensation issues. Adding another appliance to an existing vent pipe (whether a chimney or a PVC pipe) will almost certainly put it out of code compliance.
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? Lamp blowouts can be a sign of an improperly grounded outlet, you want to make sure that isn't the case because that's a fire hazard. Other issues could be: Overvoltage - many houses have more than 120 V coming in... I believe there is a 10% variance. Cheap bulbs will die quickly when there is more than 120 V. Try a 130 V rated bulb. Heat - Some 3-way bulbs go up to 150 watts, which is too high for many lamps. Heat - Some lampshades, especially if they are customized for appearance, do not dissipate heat quickly enough. Heat = low bulb life
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? An alternative is you could get a non-venting dryer like the one I had in a previous condo. It is slower to dry and your clothes come out wrinkled a lot but it's better than trekking to the laundromat! Oh yeah and no building code violations! :) Just to pile on - using the furnace vent for dryer exhaust ducting is a definite no-no. This is the washer/dryer combo I had
Where do I begin finding estimates for problems with my potential first home? Just to answer the basic question; there is no such thing as a continuous stream "water quality monitor". Just like Gregmac and Vebjorn stated in their posts above, there are many elements which determine water quality. I can tell you based on working in power plants, and large physical plants we had (at only a handful of facilities mind you...) several systems which would do continuous monitoring and chemical injection, but it was generally monitoring only one parameter - such as pH or TDS. Most water quality analysis at power plants is still done by hand because the equipment to automate the testing is either very expensive, not practical to use or vaporware. And mind you, these are facilities that use much more water than all of us (and I mean like every member of diy.stackexchange) combined on a daily basis.
What electrical requirements does a garbage disposal have? I just moved into a new house (well, actually it's old - 1920). We don't have a garbage disposal and was interested in in having one installed so I called a plumber. He estimated $650-750 saying that the electrical wiring would be the main cost because the electrical needs to be run directly to the circuit breaker. Is that right? Perhaps I can do the wiring myself?
What electrical requirements does a garbage disposal have? Yes, you'll need a 20 Amp 120V outlet with just the disposal on it. I don't see why you shouldn't be able to wire it up yourself. Something else to think about - is your house on a septic tank or a sewer system? Some city regulations don't allow a garbage disposal on a septic tank. Ours is kind of kludged with the switch under the sink because it was an after-inspection add-on to the house when it was built. At least that's what the home inspector told me when I asked him about it.
Is an interior laundry room without an HVAC vent a code violation? Currently looking at a home which has a nice 2nd floor laundry. Vented dryer, nice rack for hanging clothes, etc. However, it's in the center of the home and does not contain an HVAC (central air) vent. It does have a vent for the dryer. Is this a "code" problem or just poor design? I'm concerned that clothes may not dry properly without air circulation when hanging...and also in the dryer for that matter.
Is an interior laundry room without an HVAC vent a code violation? This is a code problem. You also have the issue with the hot, humid air ( MOLD? ) and the lint ( FIRE DANGER ). Or did I mis-read this - is there a vent but just no central air vent?
Is an interior laundry room without an HVAC vent a code violation? You can put a ceiling fan in pretty easily. I don't think it is a code violation or my garage laundry room in Florida would not be in compliance :) [it is not air conditioned]. I am pretty certain you only have to air condition living areas.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I have two trash cans that sit on the side of my house. What can I do to keep them from blowing away due to the wind, when they are empty? I've tried bungee cording them together but they then just blow away as a couple. I have concrete block so I thought I could maybe attach hooks and use bungee cords to secure them to the house.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I've seen some houses near me have a sort of cage for them -- looks like a little fenced-off area on the side of the house, with the trash cans in there, and can swing open in front to get the trash cans out. If it's really windy, you might need to add a top to it, so the trash cans can't lift out in high winds.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Although most are based on the National Building Code, code should always be assumed to be local. Pretty much every local regulating body has their own alterations. If you really do care about being in compliance, check with your local Building Inspector or appropriate department. The Internet is NEVER the place for the correct answer to "is this code-compliant?", unless you include your municipal web site.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Your idea of a bungee cording the trash cans to the side of the house might be the easiest option. (Other than duct tape.) You could try a set of D-rings and concrete screws for that. Just make sure they'll be rust-resistant.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I don't have any first-hand experience with these, but they've always looked interesting to me. Monkey hooks/Gorilla hooks "As seen on TV"
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I've never dealt with the stuff, but I'd say if it's near the ridge line, remove whatever you have as a ridge cap, place the patch on top of the hole large enough to tuck under the ridge cap, and then replace the ridge cap. If it's lower down, I think I'd patch it from the inside, and use silicone or some other sealant from above. As for adhesives, my normal stand-by for this sort of thing (waterproof, gluing sheets together) is DAP contact cement, but the two pieces might not mate together well enough for that. You could probably use a mastic, such as the roof cement they sell in caulk-gun tubes for dealing with flashing, although, it tends to be pretty ugly, so you might want to just use it to afix it, and then use silicone around the edges. (I don't know if silicone would hold well enough for this on its own)
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Good roundup of tools from here: http://www.charlesandhudson.com/archives/2010/07/3d_virtual_room_planning_tools.htm A couple that stand out, both run in your browser, and allow drag-and-drop of furniture and appliances, measurements on walls, 3D renderings, etc. Autodesk Homestyler MyDeco 3D
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? I came up with an idea earlier today. If I put the plastic over the window and then put a board over top the piece that is hanging over the sill, I can stick that down and then put a board (maybe a meter stick?) on top of it. I can keep this board tight by using some clamps (probably those clamps used for holding down table cloths on picnic tables). I believe this might do the trick although it is a little extra work. The nice thing is that it's not permanent and it sounds like it would be inexpensive.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? We used to get excellent results on this same problem by using cinder blocks. I'd just leave them around the garbage cans like a border, and wedge the cans inside them. It works surprisingly well, and it's simple, requiring no construction.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Definitely would be helpful to see a picture, but something like this under-door weather stripping attaches directly underneath the door and I doubt your cat would be able to get to it.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? Since you already have the bungie cords you could put up a post (wood, metal) in between them attached to a heavy block on the ground, put a hook/D-Ring near the top, and then wrap the bungie cord around each can attaching it to the post.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? When you say "venting through the eaves", do you mean 1) exhausting throgh a vent in the roof, or 2) exhausting through the soffit (the flat underside of the roof) ? I like the idea of venting through the soffit, so that no rain can enter the roof if I do a less than perfect job of sealing the vent. But I do not know if this is acceptable.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? You should give Sweet Home 3D a try, http://www.sweethome3d.com/index.jsp. Its not perfect but it does satisfy your requirements. You can also convert Google Sketchup designs into native SH3D objects.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? here is the other idea how to make component to goggle skecthUp Once you make your own design by goggle skecthUp, after you done your design, capture them all the way down,then right click from your mouse,then click make component,then name it/description/create/ then go to statistic/ then save as/ go to folder where ever you want to save your component.if you need model... just go to click file/ after click file /click 3D warehouse/then click get model. After you do that just type what you need , like if you need window just type window,then click search...then there is a lot of sample of windows coming out and just download them.. and you have your window just like that. hope this is helpful Good luck and cheers : )
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? It sounds like someone replaced the pull-chain switch for the fan with one made for a light.
How do I keep my outdoor trash cans from blowing away in the wind? A variation on Steve Armstrong's answer. Years ago, I used X10 controllers to control some CFLs outside my house. As long a one of the lights was a incandescent, it worked fine. I never understood why, but his answer explains it (assuming you understand electricity, switching and such). So if you wire a small normal light bulb in parallel with your fluorescent strip, it may work. You'll get the light level you want while still using less juice.
Can we build some sort of ventilation system in our rental apartment? There isn't an exhaust fan in our kitchen. Everytime we fry or bake something we set off the smoke detector. There's a window pretty close to our kitchen. Is there a way to rig up some sort of flexible exhaust tubing and a fan so that we can draw the smoke out our window?
How do I troubleshoot noisy power lines for power-line networking? I have some power-line ethernet adaptors that worked great in my previous house. At my new house, they can't get more than a few KB per second because there's too much noise in the line according to the device statistics. How can I troubleshoot what's causing the noise, and what tools would I need?
How do I troubleshoot noisy power lines for power-line networking? Is it sufficient to put a window fan in the window when cooking? If not, there are ductless range hoods, also known as recirculating range hoods. These filter the air and lets it back out in the room.
How do I troubleshoot noisy power lines for power-line networking? Take a walk through with the home inspector and see what he says. If you are still interested in the house, find a good general contractor (that you trust) and take him on a walk through. The contractor should be able to give you a good estimate on what it will cost to fix any issues, he may also give you some price breaks if you are willing to let him handle all the work. Just make sure you are comfortable with the contractor before you ask them to go on the walk through, they might be upset if they take time to walk through with you and then you find a new contractor to do the work. Keep in mind, however, that if the contractor starts work and does a sub-par job, you can always fire him and find a new contractor.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? I want to add an electrical outlet in my unfinished basement. It makes sense to run the wire along the ceiling because that's where all the other wires are. What is the proper way to install NM cable either parallel to or perpendicular to the ceiling joists, given that the ceiling is not insulated and the joists are exposed? The current situation is a bit mixed. Parallel wires are sometimes stapled to the edge of the joist and sometimes to the side, but not generally as far as 19 mm (3/4 in) from the edge. Perpendicular wires are mostly stapled to each joist and hanging freely between, but sometimes stapled to a board. I live in Massachusetts, and therefore subject to NEC 2008 with these amendments.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? You could start by turning off circuits at the service panel one at a time until the noise level drops. Once you have it isolated to a particular circuit, turn off or unplug devices until you find what's causing it. The usual suspects for electrical noise in houses would be motors -- fridges, washers, etc. -- and fluorescent lights generally the 4' or 8' long tubes with magnetic ballasts, less so with CFLs (see Brian's comment below), so you should start with those circuits first. If you can't isolate the problem that way, and if you can power your networking equipment from batteries (laptops, UPS, etc.) you could turn off the main breaker to the house and see if the problem is inherent to the wiring or environment.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? Like Mike Powell says, I think it's against code to stable wire to the bottom of joists. Regardless of that, there are many reasons not to do that: If you ever want to put up drywall, the wires are in the way It's ugly If you're running parallel to joists, staple the wire to the inside of the joist every couple feet. The wire should be at least an inch away from the bottom edge (basically, if you ever cover it with drywall or some other ceiling, you don't want people putting nails etc into the cable). If you're perpendicular to the joists, drill holes (I generally use a 1/2" spade bit for 14AWG NM), and then run the cable through those. You should also have a staple within 12" of any bend or entrance to a box.
What is the proper way to run wires along/across basement ceiling joists? Here is what New York State says Where the cable is run at angles with joists in unfinished basements, cable assemblies containing two or more conductors of sizes 6 AWG and larger and assemblies containing three or more conductors of sizes 8 AWG and larger shall not require additional protection where attached directly to the bottom of the joists. Smaller cables shall be run either through bored holes in joists or on running boards. Where run parallel with the framing member, the wiring shall be 1.25 inches from the edge of a framing member such as a joist, rafter or stud or shall be physically protected. Bored holes in studs and vertical framing members for wiring shall be located 1.25 inches from the edge or shall be protected with a minimum 0.0625-inch steel plate or sleeve or other physical protection. Where installed in grooves, to be covered by wallboard, siding, paneling, carpeting, or similar finish, wiring methods shall be protected by 0.0625-inch-thick steel plate, sleeve, or equivalent or by not less than 1.25-inch free space for the full length of the groove in which the cable or raceway is installed. Bored holes in joists, rafters, beams and other horizontal framing members shall be 2 inches from the edge of the structural framing member. Securely fastened bushings or grommets shall be provided to protect wiring run through openings in metal framing members. The maximum number of 90-degree bends shall not exceed four between junction boxes. Bushings shall be provided where entering a box, fitting or enclosure unless the box or fitting is designed to afford equivalent protection. Ends of raceways shall be reamed to remove rough edges. Basically staple all parallel runs 1.25" away from the joist edge. All perpendicular runs should pass through a bored hole 2" from the edge of the joist. Support wire every 4-6' with either staple or through a bored hole. Staple wire within 12" of entering a box or bend. And make sure all boxes have proper wire clamps. NEC 2008 300.4 Protection Against Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, conductors shall be protected. (A) Cables and Raceways Through Wood Members (1) Bored Holes. In both exposed and concealed locations, where a cable- or raceway-type wiring method is installed through bored holes in joists, rafters, or wood members, holes shall be bored so that the edge of the hole is not less than 32 mm (1 1⁄4 in.) from the nearest edge of the wood member. Where this distance cannot be maintained, the cable or raceway shall be protected from penetration by screws or nails by a steel plate(s) or bushing(s), at least 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick, and of appropriate length and width installed to cover the area of the wiring. Exception No. 1: Steel plates shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing. Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted (2) Notches in Wood. Where there is no objection because of weakening the building structure, in both exposed and concealed locations, cables or raceways shall be permitted to be laid in notches in wood studs, joists, rafters, or other wood members where the cable or raceway at those points is protected against nails or screws by a steel plate at least 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick, and of appropriate length and width, installed to cover the area of the wiring. The steel plate shall be installed before the building ﬁnish is applied. Exception No. 1: Steel plates shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing. Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1⁄16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted. 334.15 Exposed Work. In exposed work, except as provided in 300.11(A), cable shall be installed as speciﬁed in 334.15(A) through (C). (A) To Follow Surface. Cable shall closely follow the surface of the building ﬁnish or of running boards (B) Protection from Physical Damage. Cable shall be protected from physical damage where necessary by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or other approved means. Where passing through a ﬂoor, the cable shall be enclosed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or other approved means extending at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the ﬂoor. Type NMC cable installed in shallow chases or grooves in masonry, concrete, or adobe, shall be protected in accordance with the requirements in 300.4(E) and covered with plaster, adobe, or similar ﬁnish. (C) In Unﬁnished Basements and Crawl Spaces. Where cable is run at angles with joists in unﬁnished basements and crawl spaces, it shall be permissible to secure cables not smaller than two 6 AWG or three 8 AWG conductors directly to the lower edges of the joists. Smaller cables shall be run either through bored holes in joists or on running boards. NM cable installed on the wall of an unﬁnished basement shall be permitted to be installed in a listed conduit or tubing or shall be protected in accordance with 300.4. Conduit or tubing shall be provided with a suitable insulating bushing or adapter at the point the cable enters the raceway. The NM cable sheath shall extend through the conduit or tubing and into the outlet or device box not less than 6 mm (1⁄4 in.). The cable shall be secured within 300 mm (12 in.) of the point where the cable enters the conduit or tubing. Metal conduit, tubing, and metal outlet boxes shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor. 334.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Types NM, NMC, or NMS cable shall be protected in accordance with 300.4 where installed through or parallel to framing members. Grommets used as required in 300.4(B)(1) shall remain in place and be listed for the purpose of cable protection. 334.30 Securing and Supporting. Nonmetallic-sheathed cable shall be supported and secured by staples, cable ties, straps, hangers, or similar ﬁttings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable, at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (4 1⁄2 ft) and within 300 mm (12 in.) of every outlet box, junction box, cabinet, or ﬁtting. Flat cables shall not be stapled on edge. Sections of cable protected from physical damage by raceway shall not be required to be secured within the raceway. (A) Horizontal Runs Through Holes and Notches. In other than vertical runs, cables installed in accordance with 300.4 shall be considered to be supported and secured where such support does not exceed 1.4-m (4 1⁄2-ft) intervals and the nonmetallic-sheathed cable is securely fastened in place by an approved means within 300 mm (12 in.) of each box, cabinet, conduit body, or other nonmetallicsheathed cable termination.
Does a homeowner need a permit for electrical work in Massachusetts? Does a homeowner need to obtain a permit from the town in order to do electrical work on his own house in Massachusetts? The unofficial answers I can find online (e.g., this forum and the websites of various towns) are all over the place, and apparently the answers one gets when calling town wiring inspectors also varies, so I am looking for an authorative source. There are examples of towns saying that only licensed electricians can do wiring work (e.g., Stoneham and Wayland), but also many towns that say the opposite and issue permits to homeowners (e.g., Greenfield, Carlisle, and Marion), so I don't consider town web pages authorative. M.G.L. ch. 143 §3L says that “No person shall install for hire any electrical wiring or fixtures subject to this section without … giving notice to the inspector of wires … by mailing or delivering a permit application form …”. This seems to indicate that electrical work that is not for hire does not need a permit, but I don't know if it's the whole story. The final paragraph of the same section of the law says that “Any person installing for hire electrical wiring or fixtures subject to this section shall notify the inspector of wires in writing upon the completion of the work. The inspector of wires shall, within five days of such notification, give written notice of his approval or disapproval of said work.” Again limited to work for hire. (In order to avoid localizing this question further, let's ignore the fact that individual towns may have stricter rules. And it's obviously dangerous for a homeowner to do electrical work he is not qualified for, so many of us should hire an electrician for everything except the simplest work.)
Help reinstalling an external door threshold During recent flooding, the threshold for our basement door trapped about 1.5" inches of water in the basement. In an attempt to get it out the threshold was forcibly removed, and now with hurricane season it'd be nice to have it back. The problems are two-fold: The threshold was nailed into the door frame before the frame was installed in the basement opening. So the nails go from the outside (i.e. their heads are against cement). I might be able to yank the nails, heads and all, through the door framing, but is there a better solution? What is a good way to ensure a nice tight replacement fit? Adding a sealable weep hole under the threshold might help water drain in a future flood, but I want it weather tight other than that hole, both where it butts against the frame and against the floor. Assume zero budget but a decent array of tools.
Help reinstalling an external door threshold Well, you encouraged me to do some legwork. From http://www.ci.stoneham.ma.us/pages/stonehamma_building/faq#work: State law requires anyone performing electrical, plumbing or gas work to be licensed. More authoritatively but less clearly, from this Word doc on mass.gov, the row under "Wiring" says "By licensed trades only." and "Bldg. Permit? yes"
Help reinstalling an external door threshold If I'm understanding #1 correctly, you have the business end of nails sticking out of your door frame right now, and you can't get to the heads? You could use a cut-off wheel with a dremel to take care of that.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? I'm planning to replace the linoleum floor in my kitchen in the next few months. According to a friend, I do not need to remove the existing linoleum and can just lay down new flooring on top. However, this just strikes me as wrong. So, should I remove the existing linoleum or not? Not sure if it matters, but I'm considering bamboo, cork tiles, or marmoleum as the replacement.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? Recording studios have to solve this problem all the time. You may find good information by hunting under that aegis. One thing to take note is that transmission of high frequency and low frequency have very different solutions. High frequency it's mostly a matter of stopping the air motion; since you're taking about floors, you want to damp out low freq: Large mass helps by converting vibrations to lower (subsonic, inaudible) frequencies. The extra layer of subfloor you added is extra mass. The canonical solution to blocking lowfreq is a big bookcase full of heavy books; think about that on its side. Physical isolation with a sound-dampening substance also helps--reducing the amplitude of the transmitted vibration. For example, rigid foam strapping over the joists before nailing the subfloor down might assist with the noise transmission through the wood. This sounds like your 'joist isolators'. Or a thick pad under a carpet (if there is a carpet). Ironically by tying your subfloor tightly to the joists, you have increased sound transmission. Spoiling the emittance of the listening side also helps. The ceiling of the floor below is acting as a big, taut speaker, magnifying sounds from above. This is what QuietRock does--it absorbs energy as it flexes, turning it to heat instead of sound. Putting irregular structure behind the wall might help alter its resonance, prevent booming noises from transmitting. Sound diffusers help break up the sound. Because the sound you are creating is things like footsteps, this is harder to do--but be aware that the upper level can be amplifying the sounds by aiming them at the floor (think of the extreme case of a dome, which will reflect noise straight back at the floor). Acoustic tile in the upstairs room might help with high freq reduction, or baffles in the corners--or just more bookcases and sofas upstairs. You can also add diffusers to the downstairs room, but you run the risk of making it sound 'dead' or making it quiet enough the muffled noise from upstairs becomes more annoying. ;) Hope this works out!
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? If you prep your surface first (clean it thoroughly), and it is mostly intact (especially at the edges) you should have no problems laying new rigid flooring over top. I have heard of kitchen remodels where they find 4-5 layers of linoleum! You do have to account for the increased thickness with cabinets and appliances.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? Removing old linoleum flooring is difficult to do and as long as the current linoleum is flat and level then you should be fine laying a new surface on top of it. With that said though, when I remodeled my bathroom I did remove the old linoleum to put a new tile floor down. I actually found removing the linoleum fairly easy as I was able to peel most of it up in a single sheet and then I just scraped the remaining loose adhesive off the floor before putting down the backer board. (But I am not sure this would be the typical linoleum floor removal experience... maybe my linoleum floor was not properly installed originally.) If you are going to keep your current linoleum down, the biggest thing to watch out for is that the new flooring will add height and could affect the thresholds and/or appliances. In the case of my bathroom remodel above, it is a good thing I did remove the old linoleum because the new tile floor is just at the level of the threshold. If the linoleum was there then I would have needed to raise the threshold. Many flooring choices can be laid directly over your old vinyl flooring, as long as it is flat and even. Keep in mind that anything you add to the floors on top of your old flooring will make the thresholds that much higher too; it can also impact any appliances that fit under the counter, like your dishwasher. You will want to consider this before you do too much work. You may find that the height change may cause a tripping hazard. Reference: http://www.theflooringlady.com/removing_vinyl_flooring_000805.html
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? If it were me I would remove it. No reason other than I like to start fresh when remodeling, and I don't feel like I did a good job unless I do.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? In some cases (such as mine), you'll find that the old stuff isn't glued down properly, forcing you to remove it when you otherwise could have gone over top...
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? Here is a short article on the subject. A phone call to your local permitting office is the best--and only--way to determine if you need a permit. Believe it or not, many permit officers are happy to discuss permitting issues with anonymous callers as a way to ward off future code violations.
Should I remove old linoleum when replacing a linoleum floor? the other option, you can make tile patio with a design of mosaic, that is quiet cool... : )
What are my compact CNC milling machine options for stone carving? I am looking for suggestions about a small and compact CNC milling machine to sculpt decorative figures in metal and stone plates. I have no experience with such machines (I once saw an industrial one using high pressure water to cut through marble, but it's beyond my needs, budget and expertise), but I would not need a professional level machine, just a hobby level one with basic functionalities I would like to know the following information: suggestions for resellers and products expected price expected maintenance tips for usage and precautions
Can I replace a section of copper pipe with flexiable PVC? The valve at the end of the supply line for my ice maker started leaking from that top. In trying to remove the valve, I twisted the copper supply line. The section of pipe is 6 inches, and the twist is right above a 90 degree elbow. I have a replacement valve, but I'm wondering if it would be okay to cut the elbow off and run a piece of flexible PVC from the copper line to the new valve using a compression fitting to join them. Are there any issues with this I'm not seeing?
Can I replace a section of copper pipe with flexiable PVC? I've had the same problem. It turns out you have to clean your washing machine every once in a while. Most newer washers have a cleaning cycle where you put in some bleach and let the cycle run. There are also products like Washer Magic and Tide Washing Machine Cleaner. Sometimes it takes more than one cycle to fix the problem depending on how long you've run your washer without cleaning. Mine was nasty after the first time. I had to clean out the drum with some paper towels because it kicked out some serious gunk.
Can I replace a section of copper pipe with flexiable PVC? You can use the Sharkbite or Gatorbite connectors as a junction for copper and PVC. Sharkbite and Gatorbite connectors are "snap together" connectors available at Lowes or HomeDepot, you can put copper in one side and PVC in another.
What is the quietest range (cooker) hood? I have looked into the Broan Allure series which claim to be quiet (1 sone). However on closer inspection, the claimed sound level is only for the lowest setting. The highest setting is 4 sones (4 times louder). Is this something with no workaround or are there quiet models out there.
What is the quietest range (cooker) hood? I had a new patio laid by a mason with fiber mesh concrete. It has a nice picture frame edge. It'll probably run you between $200-400 for a yard or so of concrete plus labor. Not sure how big you want to make it. Fiber mesh does not require rebar and is stronger. I love my new patio. You'll have some fibers sticking out for a while, but they go away eventually.
What is the quietest range (cooker) hood? try to go here as well, is good for the beginner user http://sketchup.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?answer=116174&cbid=107x69sr2freo&src=cb&lev=index
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? In a planned kitchen remodel, one upgrade is to install an outside vented range hood. My choices are to vent vertically up through the roof or up and then horizontally (8') out the kitchen wall. The vertical option is considerably more difficult and costly. Are there drawbacks to the horizontal option? The vertical option is not simple as it will need to go through a second floor and an attic in a 1934 house. Provided that building codes don't force that option, I'm hoping for the horizontal option as long as there are no serious drawbacks.
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? In Massachusetts, the building code says that range hoods “shall discharge to the outdoors through a single-wall duct” (780 CMR 6502.1). I am not sure what that means.
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? You need to learn to use Components in SketchUp; they do exactly what you want. They do not "stick" to other parts of your model and won't affect other lines/etc but you can still snap to them when drawing. Also, you can go into a component and edit it, and the changes will be reflected in all the copies you have made of that component (or, you can break a single component free and edit only that one). Additionally, the paid version lets you create Dynamic Components; e.g., a cabinet where you can alter the reveal around the door just by entering a number, or a stair where you can set the run, rise, and number of treads without drawing anything new. Components will do it for you!
Should I vent my kitchen range vertically or horizontally? It shouldn't be a problem to vent the range hood out the wall, just make sure you check your local codes before doing so. I wouldn't think this would be a problem, but there could be different laws in densely populated areas as apposed to rural regions. And laws/codes can vary depending on your locale. Make sure you install the vent properly, and include a back flow prevention device (unless you like cold/warm air coming in from outside).
How do I fix flattened carpet pile? Can I prevent this from happening? As is often the case when replacing furniture, I've just bought a new sofa, but the old one has left "footprints" where the carpet pile has been squashed under the feet of the old one. Is there anything that can be done to make the old footprints blend in? Similarly, is there anything I can do to prevent this in the future?
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? I'm using it for a dining table. I really like the size, it's perfect as a large dining table. What finish should I choose? What is a food safe finish? If I drop food on the table I want to be able to pick it up and still eat it. :)
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? You can probably use a good food grade mineral oil. I used to use it on my butcher block counter top.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? I have heard about putting an ice cube in the indentation and letting it melt will help raise the fibers. I did try this once and while it did seem to loosen up the carpet, I still had to comb out the indentation a little.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? There are a bunch site like hobbycnc that sell plans and parts to build your own hobby cnc. Here's a site that sells a kit. Looks pretty neat actually...now I know what I want for Christmas! Update: Just found the Torchmate series. They have a Torchmate 2x2 version starting at $3000.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? Two options spring to mind: Rearrange your furniture regularly. This will cause flattening elsewhere, but give the original area time to "recover". If you don't want to do this make sure you move the sofa when you vacuum. The suction should help the pile lift a little bit (but it's not a complete solution). If it's not a fitted carpet rotate it every so often. If it's square do it 90° at time, if not 180° will have to do. Again it spreads the flattening out and gives the previously affected areas time to recover.
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? Plumbing From the Latin for lead (plumbum), which was the material first used for water pipes. Now long since superseded and banned in some places lead pipes can still be found in older properties, particularly in the UK. Materials now include copper, plastic and other non corrosive materials. More information Wikipedia on plumbing
What is a good finish for a table made from a solid door? For questions about the supply and removal of water and liquid waste.
Kind of contractor to hire to install new basement window, where there was none before? A family member is interested in getting their basement finished, and one of the things they'd like to do is have an additional bedroom in the basement. The bedroom should have a window. However, the basement doesn't have a window in the area most desired for the bedroom location. What kind of contractor should be hired to install a new basement window where there wasn't one before? i.e. this is not replacing a window, but creating one where there used to be concrete, brick, etc. The window people spoken to supply and install windows but won't do the harder parts. It sounds like foundation-related work to me, but it's not installing or repairing foundation, rather modifying some foundation, removing bricks, installing a lintel, a window well, correct drainage? Essentially, we're not sure where to start looking in the phone book! Foundation people? Brick people? Other?
Kind of contractor to hire to install new basement window, where there was none before? I would start with Architect or Structural Engineer because for that kind of work you're going to need permits, which means detailed drawings for the applications. They would probably have recommendations for a General Contractor that would be able to do the job (with or without subcontractors).
Kind of contractor to hire to install new basement window, where there was none before? Most wood finishes are food safe (for table tops - not necessarily for food preparation) once they've dried. For durability you might want to consider polyurethane, but I don't care much for its appearance. Otherwise, I would just stain (or not) and use Watco oil then put several coats of a high quality paste wax such as Briwax or Mylands. There really is a huge difference between those waxes and the mass-market ones. For most cleaning just use a very, very slightly dampened lint-free cloth (rather than a furniture spray).
Is it possible to install pocket doors in the cavity of an external wall? Is it possible to install pocket doors in the cavity of an external wall, it will be an internal door as it's between a room and a conservatory. The cavity does have foam in it though.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? So my storm door is in rough shape, and needs to be replaced. It is a Larson storm with two closers (one at the top and one at the bottom). The replacement door I have picked out is a Pella Select with the same double-closer arrangement (haven't bought it yet). The door jamb around the upper closer is cracked. Here is a picture (with a ruler for scale). So, I need to repair the cracks. Also, when I replace the door, I would like to use some bigger/tougher brackets so the new screws don't align with the old cracks, and to prevent a similar problem in the future. For repairing the cracks, my plan was to remove the old door/closers/brackets and fill in the cracks with wood epoxy, let it cure, sand, and repaint the jamb. In the past, I had good luck with this Elmer's product to fill in some rotted wood trim. It cured harder than the original wood, and was easy to sand and paint. (I never tried putting screws through it though.) So, I was planning on using the same thing again. Installing bigger/tougher brackets seems to be a challenge. As you can see in the picture, the closer is very close to the edge of the door jamb (<1 inch), leaving me very little room to work with. On the new Pella door, the closers appear to be closer to the edge than the old door, so it will be an even tighter fit. Option #1: The two local home improvement stores sell the same brand of over-sized bracket (this one). However, I have measured this bracket, and I don't think it will fit. It is too tall, would hit the top of the jamb. (Maybe I could file off the edge of the bracket.) Option #2: I found this product called the Ultra Jamb Reinforcer. Basically a big metal plate that goes under the bracket. It supports being mounted in a top, middle, or bottom arrangement. Using the top & bottom arrangement, I should be able to mount a pair of Ultra Jambs with room to spare. I also like the Ultra Jamb because the screw holes are spread out, which would (hopefully) take stress off the cracked/epoxied wood. Option #3: I could probably build my own reinforcing bracket with some strips of metal from the local hardware store. Just hacksaw, file, and then drill some screw holes. However, anything I make myself will probably not look as good as an off-the-shelf product. So, my questions are: Has anyone done a similar repair, and if so do you have any advice to offer? Is the Elmer's wood epoxy a good way to repair the cracks? Is there a better solution? (besides tearing apart the jamb) Is the Ultra Jamb a good choice to reinforce the brackets? Is there another product out there that will work better?
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? Can you just use longer screws? The screws would not only go through the damaged wood but also into whatever support is behind it. Of course this would not work if you have a side light on that side. The other thing to consider is not using a storm with a double closer, but just one on the bottom (although you may have a reason for the double closer).
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? Its going to vary by jurisdiction, but keep in mind that those laws are there in a state like Massachusetts because the local unions demand it. It will be a cold day in hell before I pay one of the 12 licensed plumbers/electricians in my local jurisdiction $500 (the going rate) for a trivial task like installation of a toilet or a ceiling fan. The fine is the same as the exorbitant free.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? How long do you wait between washing and drying? It's summer and hot in most places. Leaving clothes in the washer all day will leave you with stinky clothing.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? One thing that comes to mind is that the pocket would not be very well insulated and so you might have heating/cooling issues with that wall (depending on how the conservatory is used).
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? Ask your realtor for recommendations for home inspectors, then avoid calling those individuals. (Realtors want to make a sale.) Call around and find an experienced home inspector and a structural engineer. If you're concerned about electrical and plumbing, you might want to bring in a tradesman if you're not satisfied with the inspection report.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? We had a similar problem with our top loading washing machine. During some maintenance of the laundry room, I had to remove the washing machine and so I took it outside, tilted it back at about 45 degrees, and sprayed the tub and a lot of the other areas with a garden hose. I saw a lot of gunk come out and since then we have not had the problem of damp smelling clothes. I know this would not be easy to do but might be something to consider.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? I don't think it's likely to meet building code requirements in the US, if you care about that. In particular, I would be concerned about both its fire resistance when closed, and the ease (or lack thereof) of opening it during an emergency situation. If you're concerned about clearance and hence don't want a door that will swing into either adjacent room, would it be possible to use a sliding glass door instead? Those are familiar to inspectors/installers and you ought to be able to find one that's well insulated and which will fit in the same size opening as your proposed pocket door, taking into account the dead space where the pocket door sits when open.
How do I replace a storm door when I have a cracked door jamb? I'd just talk to a good general contractor that is willing to take on the project. They will find the right people to do the job. If you don't do this, then essentially you are trying to be the general contractor yourself. You can save some money that way, but if you don't know what you are doing, that savings will be an illusion.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Yesterday I combined pieces of furniture into a whole desk. But how are the holes in furniture dug in the first place?
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Are you referring to a pilot hole? You can use a drill and a drill bit that is slightly smaller than the bore of the screw and create a hole for the screw to use. The screw will still bite into the wood, but won't displace as much material, and the screw will follow the hole for a straighter drive. Using a pilot hole will reduce the chances of cracking the wood and mis-driving the screw.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Pulling from this site: http://www.appliance.com/editorial.php?article=1249&zone=1000&first=61 Some of the most powerful, but quietest range hoods are made by Abbaka, which offers units that have a blower capacity of 1,400 cfms and a 3 sone noise level. For example, the Imperial Wall Canopy Series has 1,330 cfms and a 4.6 sone rating for $1,893-$2,336. The Sirius Modular Island Style, which has lower cfms-600-but has a 3.9 sone rating, and retails for about $2,143. In the lower price ranges, the Broan-Nutone Allure series is also known to be particularly quiet (4.5 sones for the 400 cfm unit) at a reasonable price range of $242-$341. So, there are quieter models available, but they will cost you much more money.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Lay a very damp, but not dripping, heavy towel over the mark, then iron it with a regular clothes iron on high heat. Go over it for a few minutes until it's good and steamy. Then remove the towel and brush the carpet with a stiff brush, against the direction in which the fibers are lying down. Try to get them raised as much as possible and then let it dry.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? I agree with Jeff Widmer -- you don't need a bigger/stronger bracket, as it's not the bracket that failed, but longer screws to properly fasten the bracket. Given that, your jamb repair doesn't need to be structural so don't sweat how strong it is and just make it look nice with whatever product you've used before and liked. After you drill your pilot holes for the new bracket screws, drill out the repaired jamb with a bit that's larger than the screw threads so the screws don't stress your repair. Of course you want this larger hole to only be the depth of the jamb, maybe 3/4".
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? We were having the same problem with our top loader. There were other problems with our washer though (randomly dumping water on the floor, also I think it stopped agitating). Our clothes came out smelling like mildew right after washing them. I thought maybe it was that the clothes were sitting in stagnant water for too long. Eventually we bought a new LG front loading washer and dryer and couldn't be happier! Sorry I don't have better advice.
How to dig a hole for a specific screw? Given you're a UK user, odds on you have a front-loading machine. As others have said, the biggest tip is to leave the door open when the machine isn't in use. Even if it's just open slightly, it's enough to let air circulate which can prevent fusty odours building up. You should give your machine a good clean every 3 - 6 months (depending on how often you use it). Most of the smells are associated with a build up of soap scum and powder in various areas of the machine: Clean the powder / softener draw. Most draws on modern machines can be released and removed. Run it under a hot tap to remove the gunge from old powder and softener. You can also reach into the cavity where the draw goes with a damp cloth to clean that out. Clean the door seals. Use a thick damp cloth and wipe inside all of the folds in the rubber door seal. You tend to get a lot of soap scum deposits the build up in there. Generally the waste drain should contain air-locks which prevent the odours coming back up through into the machine, but it's always worth while checking the pump filter (most machines have a flap / door in the bottom front corner of the machine). Be careful as this will contain waste water, so have something to catch it. There are a number of products available to clean your machine. All work in generally the same way - put the product in and run the machine empty, on a boil (95+) wash. One such product in the UK is Service-IT - available in most supermarkets.
Check heating pipes for thermal leaks I would like to check basic thermal leaks of the house heating system (and perhaps the house thermal insulation as well). As the professional services or equipment (thermocamera) are very expensive, I would like to check if there is perhaps some DIY solution, e.g. using a digital camera, using IR webcam, using a thermometer or any other cheap or commonly used equipment. If the tools are not something I already have at home, I am willing to pay at most USD 200 (EUR 150) for the required tools. And as a bonus: what is the difference which makes the thermocamera so expensive (USD 6000 and more) compared to a webcam or a normal digital camera? Does it have some special properties, like broad input spectrum, or what?
Check heating pipes for thermal leaks This site has some cheap IR thermometers that might be useful. (Found here via Google)
How do I repair loose ductwork? The ductwork in our 30 year old house has started coming loose where it comes up through the floor. It's nailed to the subfloor, but in several places, the nails have come loose, leaving gaps of an inch or two between the duct and the subfloor. This lets bugs into the house and probably isn't too good for our heating and air efficiency. What's the best way to re-hang the ductwork and remove these gaps? How much do I need to worry about breaking something while repositioning the 30 year old ducts? More information The portion of the duct that goes to each supply vent is hung by one or two nails each on the left and right sides. The nails have either come loose from or gradually tore through the plywood subfloor and fell out, or the nail gradually tore a hole through the duct (so it's still in the subfloor and the duct is hanging beneath it). I hope that I'm using these terms correctly. Here are some photos. Note the nail hanging on the left after it came out of the subfloor. There's another nail on the left (not visible) that's still in the subfloor, but the weight of the duct pulling on the nail apparently caused a vertical tear through the duct, letting it fall. There's a 3/4" vertical gap on the left between the duct and the subfloor and a smaller gap (but still enough to let in a draft) at the top where the duct no longer fits properly because it's hanging off the left. Another supply vent. The nails have fallen on both sides, so this duct is apparently supported by nothing in particular, leaving about 2-3" vertical gap all around. The subfloor looks pretty worn, so I'm not sure that nailing it on each side as was done before would work very well.
How do I repair loose ductwork? What you're talking about is an egress window. We had one of those put in by a general contractor. He had to cut a notch into the concrete foundation to install the window, and move some pipes that were in the way. He knew what to do and it turned out great.
Storing latex paint in hot garage? How well does latex interior paint hold up to being stored in a hot garage over time? I did some painting several months ago, and without thinking too much about it kept the leftover paint in the garage. Outside temperatures sometimes reach 90+. Should I worry about the color changing, etc.? Update: The paint color was indistinguishable from the original. In fact, I have used the same paint again more than a year later.
Storing latex paint in hot garage? The final color of the paint depends on the ratios of the different pigments in the paint, and those ratios won't change once the paint is mixed. The storage instructions on all the interior paints that I have say nothing about high temperatures, just to protect from freezing which I believe would cause the paint to de-emulsify. That said, a paint can's lid doesn't form a perfect seal, and higher temperatures are going to cause volatile chemicals (including water) in the paint to evaporate faster than normal. (I've noticed that paint that has been left open for a while and thinned with water behaves differently than a can of fresh paint -- I can't define exactly how, but it just doesn't paint as well). However, given that it can take weeks for a coat of paint to cure fully under normal household conditions, if the can is sealed well, my SWAG is that it would take years before you'd notice a change in the paint.
How should laminate flooring be secured next to brick? I want to install laminate flooring in a family room that has a brick fireplace. Part of the laminate would be directly next to the brick base of the fireplace. What kind of base-board or base-piece would I use to secure the edge of the laminate against the fireplace? -M
Is there any reason to be wary of vinyl windows? Consumer reports "buying guide" for replacement windows recommends fiberglass or wood windows over vinyl. I've also heard from various sources that some vinyl windows can warp with expansion and contraction over time. I'm wondering if I should avoid vinyl replacement windows in general? Do people's bad experiences with vinyl stem from the cheaper end of the spectrum? Do quality brands of vinyl windows exist? There seems to be a lot of potential propaganda/fear-mongering/crazyness about vinyl windows on the Interwebs. For example here. These websites make my bs detector go off... It seems hard to find a non biased opinion on the subject.
Is there any reason to be wary of vinyl windows? When we did this, we purchased edging to match the laminate. The edging snaps into a channel, which can be attached to the floor - either glued or screwed, depending on the sub floor. I found after a couple of years the edging came up a bit, but a bit of glue in the channel fixed that.
Is there any reason to be wary of vinyl windows? One way of accomplishing this is to undercut the brick and slide the flooring in underneath. Two advantages are that the brick ends up holding down your floating floor, and you end up with a very clean looking transition between the brick and laminate. To do this, you'd of course need something that can cut brick. You could potentially use an angle grinder or jamb saw with a diamond blade, but either of those would be pretty dusty. To cut down on the dust somewhat (or at least reduce the degree to which it gets blown around the room), I'd recommend a multifunction oscillating tool. Fein makes the original one but it's pricey at ~$300. I have a kit from Rockwell that's about half that and love it, and you can get a version from Harbor Freight for about $35 but it's got some iffy reviews and it doesn't appear to come with a diamond stone-cutting blade. As an added bonus this is an incredibly useful tool that would almost certainly come in handy in other parts of your flooring job (trimming jambs, etc) and in other projects as well.
Is there any reason to be wary of vinyl windows? If it's a floating laminate floor (i.e. it isn't glued to the floor, but just rests on a foam underlay or padding) then you shouldn't attach the flooring to the walls at any point. You can cover the spaces around the edges of the walls with baseboard, but this should just rest on the floor, not be connected to it in any way. This is because a floating floor may expand, contract, or shift slightly due to changes in temperature or humidity, and if it's attached at any point the laminate flooring pieces may separate due to the strain. When I put my flooring down, there were gaps around the fireplace and near the door leading outside, so I simply used some tinted caulk to fill the gaps. You can usually find caulk tinted to match different wood colors, so it should blend with the floor easily. And since the caulk will expand and contract a bit, it works fine with a floating floor.
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings My wife and I are considering buying a house that was built in the 1960s and has acoustic "popcorn" ceilings. I want to know if there is a cheap, effective way to do a home asbestos test. I'm still reviewing some of the inspection reports but I don't think they've specifically checked for this. Tips, anyone? -M
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings Thanks for the advice. I have found following detailed instruction on procedures to check insulation with IR thermometer: Determining Insulation and Air Infiltration Levels Using an Infrared Thermometer I have decided to buy a Black & Decker TLD100 Thermal Leak Detector, which seems to be an IR thermometer with some additional functionality to make finding hot / cold spots easier by coloring the aiming light dot. I will write here later my experiences. After a week of using TLD100 I have to say my experience is mixed: it really works extremely well for its primary purpose, i.e. checking the house insulation using it to check heating system is a bit tricky, as IR thermometers do not work very well with reflective surfaces. In my case the heating pipes are from copper, which is quite shiny, and the insulation around them is a mineral wool finished with aluminium wrap, which is very shiny. Because of this, measuring their temperature with IR is very inaccurate, a contact thermometer would probably do a much better job. That said, the same limitations would apply for IR camera, as the principle is the same in both cases.
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings As with anything, quality counts. The benefits of vinyl (or uPVC as they're called in the UK) is that they require less maintenance than wooden windows. However, a properly maintained wooden window will outlast a uPVC window - it's just harder and more time consuming (sanding, painting etc.) to to. I have heard stories of uPVC frames that were made without a metal (usually aluminium) core - which would warp badly - but I've no evidence to hand.
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings There's an issue to be concerned about in high-crime areas -- they're plastic, so they can melt. Someone interested in breaking into your place can take a torch, heat up the frame of the window, and push the window or the whole sash in. Some vinyl windows aren't all vinyl, and have an aluminum or steel core, that might reduce this from being able to happen. Also, vinyl isn't good for high-heat areas. A south or west facing window in a hot climate might heat up enough through the day that it'll warp. This is even worse in dry areas with large high/low shifts each day. In colder climates, vinyl becomes brittle, which means if you're in a windy area with gets a lot of blowing wind, you could get debris thrown into the window which can crack the whole frame; and unlike other construction, you can't just replace the glass, you have to replace the whole sash. Vinyl on its own isn't all that strong -- so there's a lot of vinyl involved -- if you're trying to get a lot of light into a room, you'll be able to get more glass into the area with just about any other material. You also can't paint them easily. Whatever color they are, that's what they're going to be unless you replace 'em. This isn't typically a concern for most people, though, as most vinyl windows are white -- but they'll slowly yellow over the years, depending on the exact mix of vinyl. This is more pronounced in areas with higher UV indexes. (eg, high elevations with no shade trees) Vinyl also outgasses. If you've got someone in the family who's sensitive to chemicals, this could be an issue. ... That's not to say that there aren't different qualities of vinyl windows, but don't just buy on price -- look at internal metal stiffening, if it's welded or screwed together (you want welded), if it's fully encased in the vinyl (so it won't oxidize), and there's certifications now for vinyl windows ... but I think it's an industry effort, so I don't know for sure how reliable it is.
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings Yes, you can get this test kit for about $10. You have to cut out/scrape off a sample to send to a lab. (Make sure you wet the area first to avoid any airborne particles.) You also have to include another $30 with the sample for standard analysis. Instructions here.
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings I've never seen a pocket door in an exterior wall, but there are the "barn door" style sliding doors that might be able to be used, if you don't mind the fact that you wall they slide against can't have things hung on it, and there's exposed hardware. I have no idea how well they'd seal (and that may not be an issue, as yours sounds to be a former external wall), but with the way they're hung, you'd have the opportunity to use a much thicker and heavier door. You could also go with @gbroiles' comment, and then frame in the stationary side of the sliding glass door to make it look more like a pocket door. (and possibly paint the glass door, or put something onto it, so it looked less modern, if it's an architectural issue)
Tips To Inspect/ Popcorn ceilings E-Z Patch 2 patching compound has a wide variety of colors to pick from. I don't think it's spray-on though. Posts in this forum mention that Behr 1-Part Epoxy can be used on cool decks for pools. However, also note that this will cause loss of functionality of your deck - it won't stay as cool as when it was unpainted.
Fiberglass reinforced vinyl windows -- better/worse/same as being reinforced with aluminum/steel? My wife and I are looking at Sunrise replacement windows. They seem to be very sturdy windows with a nice lifetime warranty. I've heard that I definitely want to get some kind of structurally reinforced vinyl window as vinyl by itself is not very strong. In looking at how these windows are reinforced, the best I've come up with is this statement: FiberCore Plus, a pultruded fiberglass I-beam reinforcement that is coupled with urethane insulation comes with every door to add to the strength of the design. (from here) How does Fiberglass compare to aluminum/steel reinforcement structurally? Is fiberglass reinforcement sufficient/superior/worse? Should I be concerned with fiberglass reinforcement in any way? How will the reinforcement material impact the window's lifespan? Note, I'm in the Mid Atlantic (Maryland).
Fiberglass reinforced vinyl windows -- better/worse/same as being reinforced with aluminum/steel? Buy quality, name brand windows. The previous owners of my house installed vinyl windows in 2002. They are all breaking in one form or another. Either from warping, broken tilt-in latches leaking seals, or any of about a half dozen other issues. An extra $50 a window would have gotten Andersen, Pella or Marvin windows with 10-15 year warranties that would still be working great.
What kind of fastener should I use to attach a mounting bracket to metal studs? I want to hang a 26 inch flat panel monitor on a wall that has metal studs. What kind of fastener should i use to attach the mounting bracket to the stud through drywall?
What kind of fastener should I use to attach a mounting bracket to metal studs? I'd imagine steel stud drywall screws should work fairly well if you've got 20 gauge studs. They've got a finer thread than regular drywall screws, and are self-tapping. This forum has some discussion on the topic as well.
What kind of fastener should I use to attach a mounting bracket to metal studs? It depends on the type of mount. If it's an articulating arm mount, the bending moment at the wall is going to be a lot higher than if you're doing a flush mount. In that case the safest option would be to open up the drywall and put 2x4s inside the metal studs, and use the included wood screws to attach the mount to the new 2x4s. If this is a load bearing wall, and you're certain the studs are heavier 20-gauge load bearing studs, you might get by mounting an articulating arm using toggle bolts like these. If the wall is non-load-bearing, it's likely made of lighter 25-gauge studs, which just don't have the localized rigidity to support this type of mount so you're stuck reinforcing with 2x4s as I described above. If you're doing a flush (or nearly so) mount, then you can get by with toggle bolts even if you have the lighter studs. I wouldn't recommend any kind of self-tapping screw in a load bearing application like this. It doesn't take much overtorquing (especially with 25-ga studs) to leave them just on the verge of pulling right back out.
Improve AC flow to secondary ducts I have an AC which has 3 ducts coming out of it. Only one duct gets flow - I'm guessing the AC fan blows right into it. What can I do to improve the flow?
Improve AC flow to secondary ducts You need to restrict the flow through that duct, either by installing a damper like this in the duct, or by installing an adjustable register at the duct outlet, and closing it off until you get similar flow out of all three ducts.
Improve AC flow to secondary ducts Consider that the world is moving towards having only two types of wiring: Electricity (120VAC or whatever your local standard is) Data (IP over Ethernet over Cat5e) Coax will be increasingly useless as video is delivered to a receiver over IP. Speaker wire will be only be used within a single room, with each room having its own amp and IP-based music receiver. Phones are increasingly IP-based (and even POTS phones can use Cat5e runs in the interim). Wired data will always have an advantage over wireless, especially in densely populated areas like condos. It's likely that Cat5e will eventually be replaced by something though. For that reason, try to build in such a way that it's possible to retrofit other cable later on. So to answer your question: No, don't bother running lots of different physical media to each room. Run lots of data and power, and run only as much of the other stuff as you actually need today. My bet is that you won't need more of it as time goes on, you'll need less of it.
Improve AC flow to secondary ducts micRo - ~$2000 (Need to buy a few pieces). This thing looks really nice, but has a small work area. The guy that makes them is fanatical about quality hobby equipment. http://lumenlab.com DIY - ~$750. If you want to take the DIY approach and have a larger work area, pick up a copy of Build Your Own CNC Machine. The companion website literally has videos of the guy making the machine on a kitchen table with hand tools. I'm half way through the book and it appears surprisingly straight forward.
What are my options for replacing 50W GU10 lightbulbs? I've been looking at replacing 50W GU10 halogen lightbulbs for something more energy efficient. Some people say that LEDs cannot give you the same light (even 10W LEDs), and to use 11W CFL instead, like the ones from megaman. I need these light bulbs for both my kitchen and my living room, so I don't want to be surprised by way dimmer light bulbs. What's the current state of this?
How do I hang a chair from a concrete ceiling from a single hook? I'm putting in a "hanging chair" in the basement and it's supposed to hang from a single hook in the ceiling. The ceiling is reinforced concrete. Now, I'm about 125 kilograms (275 lbs) so I reckon the hook should easily be able to bear twice that for safety. Is that a good enough margin? What would be the easiest and best way to mount a hook in the ceiling that will hold about 250 kgs (550 lbs)?
How do I hang a chair from a concrete ceiling from a single hook? Your margin of error sounds a bit low - one thing to bear in mind is that while the static force of you in the chair is half the rating of the hook, the peak force will be higher as you "drop" into the chair. If you can get a bigger hook it might be worth it. If you have a hook on a plate then you'll spread the load across more bolts thus each one won't have to bear the full weight.
What are some of your previous owner nightmares you have inherited? Things like picket fences that are screwed and to end and to trees with no posts. Or where there are posts they are sunk 4 inches into the ground with concrete around the top. Or plumbing done with automotive parts or using the sump pump to empty the washer runoff. Or main fuse boxes that are wired up with no rhyme or reason.
What are some of your previous owner nightmares you have inherited? We installed underfloor heating in the top two floors of the house and when we lifted the floorboards in each room we discovered the redundant wiring from at least two or even three previous rewires of the house. I eventually had to resort to carefully opening junction boxes and testing the circuits to see if they were still live. I think that there are still some lengths of wire buried in walls that we can't get to.
What are some of your previous owner nightmares you have inherited? That sounds like it would work but its involved. I do what you do and use the double stick tape on the flat top of the sill. Then before I shrink the plastic I get normal clear packaging tape and go around the whole window again. I get a lot of draft and condensation and over the years this technique evolved and seems to work.
What are some of your previous owner nightmares you have inherited? I've found some low energy equivalents on Amazon (UK site). 6 GU10 Lectrolite branded 11w = 50w Low energy saving warm white light spotlamp bulbs. I've no idea how good they are, but a search for "GU10 low energy" turned up some other choices too. If you can find them at a local hardware store they might have some on show (though if it's a DIY barn it's hard to get the true effect of the light).
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? I have an area just at the end of my current patio that I have tried to grow grass in for a few years with no luck. The area is heavily shaded, it is between two large maples. Plus I have two large dogs that don't help matters. No matter what it always reverts back to a few bits of grass and very sandy/dry soil...yes I have put topsoil down when seeding. If I could grow crab grass there I would. I just want something to make it less muddy when it rains. The area is fairly large so using normal pavers would cost a fortune. Money I don't have. Does any one have any other idea's? Spaced pavers with something inbetween? poured concrete sections? Crab grass seeds?
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? The previous owners of my house were too cheap to buy wire nuts, every junction is just taped. Every time I simply want to change a switch, I end up rewiring the entire circuit. Not to mention the hidden junction box in my bathroom hanging loose with no cover and taped up connections, I almost had a heart attack when I found that.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? We bought a house from people who had, lets call it, questionable taste in decorating and color schemes. One of the first things we needed to do was take down the hideous wallpaper in the family room, and paint it a reasonable color. It turns out they'd applied the wallpaper directly to the drywall - no primer, no paint, just paper glued to paper. We ended up using an oil-based primer to seal it, and then painted over it. These same people had replaced carpeting at some point. Rather than get rid of it, they piled it - sometimes 3-4 layers deep - in the damp crawl space. Talk about smell! Fortunately, it cleared up when we got rid of the carpet.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? What about putting down sod to give the area a jump start?
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? You could make your own pavers.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? I'd recommend a concrete epoxy for this application. It's expensive at $19 but is stronger than a mechanical anchor, and you can sink a standard eye bolt in there for a nice clean look. I'd recommend a heavy 1/2" one like this -- that one is 6" long, but if the ceiling is thick enough you could bury most of it in your hole so just the eye is exposed.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? Courtesy of This Old House magazine, pour a concrete pad, carve patterns in it and paint it.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? What about a Rubbermaid container? The kind they have to hold ice and drinks/kegs seems about the size you want.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? In a house we rented a while back, the previous tenants tried (and failed) to install a dishwasher. Apparently, they were too cheap to find an adapter to hook up the waste flow from the dishwasher, so they cut a hole in the waste line of the sink on the wrong side of the trap and epoxied a piece of PVC there. Then they hooked up the waste hose from the dishwasher and let it sit on the floor. This caused dirty dishwater to flow back into the dishwasher where it sat and stagnated, and if there wasn't enough stagnant water in the hose, sewer gases would leak up through the dishwasher. They also failed at the wiring, so the metal parts would occasionally carry some voltage and shock you if you're just unlucky enough. Good times.
What is a cheap patio solution for a muddy area in my backyard? You could make a path with crushed rock or stones (maybe crushed rock in between) and surround the path with a cheaper ground cover like pine straw/mulch where you could eventually put plants. This way you allow access to where the area leads and avoid having to cover everything with the expensive stuff.
How should I address my bathroom's flickering lights and GFCI tripping mysteriously? (Schematic included.) So I inherited a bit of a nightmare for wiring in my bathroom. I'll be calling in an electrician, but wanted to have an understanding of the problem first, as not to be ripped off, lead astray, etc.. So here is the setup/symptoms. The entire bathroom is run off one 20amp line (both outlets and lights). It is a pretty small bathroom, but has a bit of a complex circuit. The line comes in from the breaker box, and splits in a 1-gang junction- one side of the split goes through a GFCI, the other is passed through non-protected. Both halves go into a 3-gang junction box. In this three gang junction, the GFCI protected branch goes into an outlet, then off to a switched light above the toilet (the switch is reachable from the toilet, which is why I think they GFCI protected it). The non-protected branch goes off to the main lights over the sink, a fan, and a recessed shower light over the shower. The symptoms- when this circuit is on, the whole house lights flicker occasionally. Turn the circuit off, and the flickering goes away (it seems that when the shower light is on the flickering increases). Also, occasionally the GFCI trips when the fan is turned on. Now the fan is on the branch that is not protected by the GFCI, which worries me a bit. So my questions are: 1) Why would the GFCI trip when the fan is turned on sometimes? 2) How bad is this wiring setup (see schematic)? Was the electrician a moron? How might it be cleaned up? 3) What would cause the whole house lights to flicker? I was thinking there may be some arcing going on somewhere in this mess. Where can I look on my own, or suggest to the electrician? 4) Should the recessed shower light be GFCI protected? Does the toilet light need to be? It seems that those two branches should be swapped.
How should I address my bathroom's flickering lights and GFCI tripping mysteriously? (Schematic included.) For future reference- there is no need to buy these kits. They are essentially selling you a zip-top baggie for $10.00. Simply wet the area, and scrape a very small sample into a zip-top bag of your own. Then place this bag into another sealable bag (i.e.- double-bag the sample). Then you can call one of several national testing labs, that will perform the test for around $10-15/sample, and email you the results. Google asbestos testing labs. Some labs will only test for professionals, but many will take home-owner samples- you just have to call around a bit.
How should I address my bathroom's flickering lights and GFCI tripping mysteriously? (Schematic included.) Do any of your light fixtures have CFLs or other fluorescent bulbs installed? I've read that fluorescent starting ballasts can cause these types of problems with GFCI outlets, even if they're upstream of the GFCI and not on the branch it's protecting. It's also possible that your GFCI outlet is bad -- does it trip when you press its test button? Anyway, as long as the 20A circuit going into this bathroom is not shared by anything else in the house, this diagram looks fine. Light fixtures aren't required to be GFCI protected, only outlets are, but there's nothing that says they can't be.
How should I frame in a large window opening to install a smaller window? I'm replacing some windows in my house. The original window openings were outsized for the rooms, so the replacement windows I've chosen are smaller, which means framing in the part of the opening that I won't be using. The first window that I'll be replacing was off-center in the wall, so I'll be installing the new window to one side of the opening so that it will be closer to the wall's center. As I see it, I need to create two pieces of framing -- one for the side of the window and one for underneath (I think a single L-shaped piece would be structurally weaker). There are two ways that I could build these pieces: one where the side piece fills the opening vertically with the bottom piece at its side (Figure 1); the other where the bottom piece fills the opening horizontally with the side piece and window resting on top (Figure 2). Figure 1: Side framing piece fills opening Figure 2: Bottom framing piece fills opening Have I considered all the options for how to build the new framing, and is there an advantage for one method over the other?
How should I frame in a large window opening to install a smaller window? If you were framing this opening from the start, figure 1 is the way it would be done. I would go that direction so it will make sense to anyone working in this area of your home in the future. Did you consider the possibility of centering the new window horizontally in the existing opening? That may result in a better proportion. In that case I would still use the approach in figure 1 with new vertical sections on both sides extending the entire height of the opening.
How should I frame in a large window opening to install a smaller window? I bought a house, knowing that there was water damage from a leak in the roof. After starting the repair/remodel I found out why there was a leak. Someone decided to make more room in the kitchen by cutting a hole in the wall to the closet on the other side and putting the refrigerator in the hole. Unfortunately the closet was in an addition, so the wall was the former exterior wall of the house, and naturally load bearing. They didn't put a header in after cutting the hole. So there's this hole cut with a sawzall in the wall, stretching across two studs, whatever finishing material was put outside of them in 1948, a layer of bricks, because it's a brick house and the studs on the other side of the brick in the addition. Give it a little time and you'd be amazed how much water can come in through that. The closet was demolished already and this is what we found after taking out the wall in the kitchen.
How should I frame in a large window opening to install a smaller window? Sure sounds like you may have a couple of unrelated problems. Usually, a nuisance tripping GFI is a sign of a worn or aged GFI device. This is assuming there are no down line devices or lights that are leaking small amounts of current to earth ground. This would be uncommon for a light or simple switch, more likely with a motor load on start up or shut down. The more important and potentially dangerous problem is the whole house lighting flickering when the fan and shower light is on. If you have an accurate digital VOM, you can look at the voltage drop at the breaker that controls the bathroom. If you see variations of much more than 5 to 10 volts then isolate which device is causing the fluctuation. (fan or bath lite) by turning them on individually and test again. A older fan is a common source of your problem as moisture and humidity may have invaded the motor and causing larger than average voltage drop to ground. If this fan is in fact the culprit, the fan may be heating up more than normal as well and could become a hazard. If you do not have a VOM or know how to test voltages inside your circuit breaker panel, I'd advise you to seek a licensed electrician soon to correct the situation.
How should I frame in a large window opening to install a smaller window? A very easy and inexpensive solution is to attach 1/4 round or bed molding directly to the brick, but resting on the flooring. You can use a good grade construction adhesive to attach the trim to the brick, I prefer PL for masonry in a case like yours, but any good urethane based adhesive will do. Glue any mitered corners of the trim with Titebond II wood glue. Good luck
How should I frame in a large window opening to install a smaller window? I would suggest you use the method in figure 1. It is conventional, easier and uses less material.
Can I replace an improperly supported tub easily? I have a fiberglass garden tub in the home I just bought that wasn't installed right. The far side has no support under the lip and as a result it likes to loose its seal to the tiles above. My current solution has been to recaulk it every time it cracks but this has gotten rather annoying over the past few months. Is it possible for me to rip out the tub and either replace it or fix the supports without redoing the whole shower area? (ie tile and plumbing). Does anyone have any recommendations on howto do it?
Can I replace an improperly supported tub easily? The tub should be supported underneath where it sits on the subfloor, not just at the lip. Usually the manufacturer specifies that the tub be set into a bed of thinset mortar to make sure it's well supported across the entire bottom surface. We have a tub that's doing the same thing. The easy fix is to remove all the caulk around the edges, then fill the tub with water before recaulking, only draining the tub after the caulk has had time to dry fully. This ensures that the caulk seam stays mostly in compression even when the tub is full of water and people, reducing the chance that it will get pulled apart. I've done this to ours and it's lasted well so far (granted, it's only been a few months now -- we just moved here in April). What I'd eventually like to do, as our fiberglass tub still creaks when you walk in it, is to open up the adjacent wall and try to get thinset mortar underneath the tub. My plan is to gently pry the base of the tub upward with shims, then slather mortar underneath as much as possible, and then remove the shims so that the tub settles into the mortar. This might be an option for you, but it might involve some tile work depending on where you can get access to the subfloor under the tub. I know this doesn't do much to answer your specific question about the feasibility of removing and replacing your tub. That's difficult to answer without knowing exactly how your tub is installed. I have to think that's going to be a big job though, no matter how it's installed.
Can I replace an improperly supported tub easily? The problem is, if you just add an extension to the patio, it just becomes more paved ground. I suppose you could just pave your entire yard... Hey, that would eliminate the mowing! I'd also point out that many dogs seem not to love crushed rock under their feet. I know ours does not, and our last dog also seemed to shy away from those areas too. And smaller crushed stone seems to get dragged into the house too easily, scratching up floors. So my thoughts would go to mulch, if the area is too shady to grow anything. Yes, there are plants that thrive in shady areas, so that is an option. It depends on your goals for the area, and how large are your dogs. Large dogs can be an issue with plants, as large quantities of urine tends to burn plants. In the end, I'd be looking to put down a thick bed of mulch there. Mulch is inexpensive and easy to put down. You might choose to put a ground cloth under the mulch, to inhibit weeds coming through.
Is it ok to have mixed grounds and neutrals on bars in a breaker box? So to continue my line of electrical questioning (and perhaps narrow down my flickering light problem), I took a look through the two panels in this house. There is a 200amp main service in the basement, which then feeds up to a 100amp sub-panel for the main floor. This 100amp sub feeds a kitchen (fridge, microwave, dishwasher, gas range), a bathroom, 3 bedrooms, and a living room. The 200amp main feeds the 100amp sub, 2 bedrooms, a living room, a washer/dryer (gas dryer), a utility room (well pump, pressure tank, gas water heater, gas furnace), and an A/C. My first concern is that the main service panel has the bare ground and neutral wires mixed on the two bus bars. Reading around, some say this is OK, other's say it is bad. Any thoughts? The sub-panel is wired with grounds and neutrals on separate bars. My second concern- is a 100amp sub sufficient for the main floor?
How much should replacing septic tank lids cost, and what is involved? My wife and I may be possibly buying a house with a septic tank. We had it inspected and the report showed that the tank was in good condition however the "tank lids" would need to be replaced. I'm going to call around to get prices for service however I was hoping to have a ballpark figure so I know what I would be getting myself into... can someone provide me with some estimated costs? Are we talking hundreds of dollars here? Thousands of dollars? In addition, how complicated of a process is it to replace the lids?
How much should replacing septic tank lids cost, and what is involved? National Electrical Code 2014 Article 250 Grounding and Bonding II. System Grounding 250.24 Grounding Service-Supplied Alternating-Current Systems. (A) System Grounding Connections. A premises wiring system supplied by a grounded ac service shall have a grounding electrode conductor connected to the grounded service conductor, at each service, in accordance with 250.24(A)(1) through (A)(5). (1) General. The grounding electrode conductor connection shall be made at any accessible point from the load end of the overhead service conductors, service drop, underground service conductors, or service lateral to and including the terminal or bus to which the grounded service conductor is connected at the service disconnecting means. This means that the grounded (neutral) from the service must be connected to ground, and that the connection can be made by bonding the neutral bus bar to the grounding electrode. (5) Load-Side Grounding Connections. A grounded conductor shall not be connected to normally non–current carrying metal parts of equipment, to equipment grounding conductor(s), or be reconnected to ground on the load side of the service disconnecting means except as otherwise permitted in this article. This means that the grounded (neutral) conductors should only be grounded at the main service disconnnect. If the main service panel happens to be the same place that the grounded (neutral) conductor is bonded to the grounding electrode, then there is no problem mixing grounds and neutrals on the same bus bar (as long as there is an appropriate number of conductors terminated under each lug). If the two bus bars are not connected; as would be the case anywhere other than the main disconnect (exceptions exist), then you cannot mix them. Notice how the grounded, and grounding bus bars are connected in the main service panel. This means that; electrically speaking, they can be considered a single bus bar. Which means that both grounded (neutral), and equipment grounding conductors can be terminated on either bus bar. In the subpanel, the bus bars are kept separate. So grounded (neutral), and equipment grounding conductors cannot be mixed.
What is the advantage of PEX pinch clamp vs. crimp rings? I just saw these for the first time today at Lowe's: The advantages I can see over the crimp style are: A single tool can work with multiple PEX sizes That single tool is cheaper than a single-size crimp tool (~$40 vs ~$80) The tool grabs and pinches the raised segment of the clamp, so it doesn't need to wrap around the tube which should make it easier to use in confined spaces Has anyone used this type of ring for PEX work and have any thoughts on them?
What is the advantage of PEX pinch clamp vs. crimp rings? To some extent, this is going to depend on the lids required by the manhole material, and local codes. In our area, for example, both concrete manhole covers, as well as bolted down plastic covers are acceptable. That being said, either way it shouldn't be terribly expensive, if it is only the lid that needs to be replaced. For example- I just had a pump tank and elevated drain field added to my system. The tanks that were put in had plastic corrugated manholes, and I opted for plastic lids (the manhole can then be brought down to ground level, and you can mow right over the lid). IIRC the lids themselves were $75/each or so. They just use a 6" lag screw that goes into the plastic manhole (if it is a matter of simply replacing existing plastic lids, you can probably do it yourself). From my conversation with the installer, he said that using the concrete lids (same type that we have for the primary tank) would be around the same price. I have no idea what the old steel lids cost, but I would guess they are a bit more pricey. In terms of the labor- if it is just replacing the lids, and no work needs to be done to the manhole, I would guess an hour job at most. If the existing lids are plastic- just unscrew the lag screw, pull the old lid off, put the new one on, and screw down the lag screw. If it is a concrete lid, just dig up the lid (ours were a couple inches under ground, except for the PVC pump tube), pull up the handles, pull off the old lid, place in the new lid. Throw the dirt/sod back on top.
How often do septic tanks typically need to be pumped? At the risk of potentially asking an off-topic question, I'd like to better understand the maintenance of a septic tank. I've never had one before and am unfamiliar with how to manage one. My primary question is: how often do septic tanks need to be pumped? We're looking to buy a 4/2 house with a concrete septic tank "supposedly" with a capacity of 2250. My secondary question is: how should septic tanks monitored? Just an annual scheduled service check-up? I don't want to spend money needlessly but also don't want to neglect something that needs regular attention.
How often do septic tanks typically need to be pumped? The pumping question depends on your local codes. In our area, a brand new tank is good for 5 years before it needs to be pumped. A non-new tank must be pumped every 3 years. This is pretty typical. I would say that tank monitoring will vary depending on your system. A septic tank is a pretty simple system. You have a primary tank (some call it a settling tank) that settles any solids out of the wastewater, and where most of your breakdown occurs (a well operating system will have natural occurring bacteria that do a good job of breaking down "solid" waste). As an aside, this settled goo is the majority of what is pumped out when the pump guy comes. Usually, there is a second tank that is gravity fed, where the now "grey water" flows. From here, the grey water sits for a while (more breakdown occurs here) and it either feeds by gravity to a drain field, where it filters through the ground, or, it is pumped to a mound/elevated drain field. In a simple non-pump system, you want to watch out for clogging in the outlets to the secondary tank and to the drain field. This can be done pretty easily- when you have the manhole covers replaced, ask the guy doing the work for you to tell you how for down from the top of the manhole, the drain is. Now, as often as you want, put a stick down the manhole, and see how deep the water is. If the water is above the drain, you have a blockage, and it should be serviced. If you have a system with a pump, I'd highly recommend getting an alarm if one isn't installed already. The alarms will alert you if the level of the water goes above a specified height, which indicates a clogged pump or filter. My recommendation would be to do your own monitoring (checking water level) as often as makes you comfortable, and have a scheduled service every 2-3 years. More important than monitoring however, is making sure you are diligent with prevention. Use as little toilet paper as is practical, and stay away from quilted TP. Additionally, nothing but toilet waste, water, and TP should EVER go down your drains (the exception to this is if you have a food disposer, but even then, I'd use the disposal sparingly). Also, try not to use too harsh of chemicals when doing cleaning of your sinks/toilets/showers, and NEVER use draino.. there are cleaning products that are septic friendly, and septic friendly drain de-cloggers. Use them. This keeps the bacterial ecosystem breaking down your waste, nice and happy, which is a good thing.
How best can I discover what is up with my electrical bill? This might be subjective, I don't know. However, it's a serious problem for me. My electrical bill is outrageous. It's three times as large as my next-door neighbor, and four or five times the size of my neighbor's across the street. It's worse in the summer (I live in central TX), but I've had the air conditioner inspected, and while the house is right at the maximum capacity for our unit, the unit should still be able to take care of the load. That also doesn't explain why our winter bills are larger than the comparables. What I would like to do is check the amount of current drawn by each running appliance and calculate where all my money is going. I just don't know how to go about doing this.
How best can I discover what is up with my electrical bill? For devices that plug into an electrical outlet, you can use Kill-a-Watt or equivalent to monitor how much electricity they're using. If that doesn't give you a clear culprit, one low-tech method is to look at the electric meter as you turn off circuits at the service panel one at a time until you see a big change in speed at which the wheel is spinning (for older meters) or the digits are changing (newer meters). If you can narrow down what's using a lot of electricity, you can look at devices one at a time on that circuit to see if one is using more than its fair share.
How best can I discover what is up with my electrical bill? Turn off and unplug everything and I do mean everything. If the meter is still showing that you are using electricity the you have a fault with the meter and you should report it to your utility company.
Are discount furnaces safe to use? More newbie questions ;-) The house we're looking to buy has an older furnace that "may be manufactured by the Permier/Consolidated furnace company" according to general inspections. We're in the process of getting it inspected by a heating professional. If we need to get the furnace replaced, I'm wondering what kind of costs would be involved... Cost Helper mentioned that the costs of a new furnace could be anywhere from $7500+. Yet I also found some at Alpine Home Air for $550+. That's a substantial difference in cost. What's the difference here? Are there safety concerns that more expensive models don't have?
Are clogs in the AC condensate drain common in Florida? I have a two year old central A/C unit. Every 2/3 months the unit shuts off. I called the rep/maintenance company and they have given me the following response: The cause of the issue is algae building up within the drainage line This is due to the climate in Florida This is extremely common, and in fact comprises the majority of their service calls Their solution is to: Shop vac the drainage line Pour bleach down the line I have asked co-workers, family members in state, and a friend who's father has been in A/C for a few decades in the south an no one else has heard of this / has this issue. This was most definitely not explained during the purchase of the new unit. Does anyone know if this normal? Am I getting hosed?
What direction should laminate flooring be placed in? I'm thinking of installing laminate flooring and have a question: If I'm installing laminate throughout the house, should ALL of it be going in the same direction? Say for example, let's say I have a hallway that is perpendicular to a large living room. --------------- |             | |             | |             | |             |-------------------- | | |             |--------------------  |             | |             | --------------- In the layout above, would all of the laminate be installed "left to right" for both the living room and hallway? Or could it be installed in one direction for one room and installed in a different direction for the other room?
How can I build a cheap, do-it-yourself dance floor? I would like to make a cheap DIY dance floor and I attained a roll of 3.5 ft x 6 ft vinyl linoleum for free. Can I use this in making a dance floor? Has anyone built their own cheap DIY and what materials did they use? Has anyone failed at doing this and what should I avoid? Are there any good guides to doing this on the internet?
How can I build a cheap, do-it-yourself dance floor? I learned that you should install hardwood flooring with the long edge parallel to the long dimension of the space it's being installed in. I expect laminate flooring would be the same. This would be for the whole house, not just one room. I definitely wouldn't change directions at the entry to the hallway.
What is the difference between Square D and QP single pole circuit breakers, and can they be mixed? I just noticed that all of the branches from my upstairs service box are run off of 15 or 20-amp type QP circuit breakers, except for one 15-amp line that is for the hard-wired smoke alarms- it uses a Square D type breaker. What is the difference between these two, and can they safely be mixed in a breaker box?
Is it unsafe if some three prong outlets don't properly test as grounded? It's me again -- the pest ;-) On the general inspection report for the house we're looking at buying, there's a note about the house's electrical: Some three prong outlets did not test properly grounded. This may be an indication that the wiring in the walls is the older ungrounded type. We recommend considering upgrading to grounded type wiring for safety enhancement. How big of a safety concern is this? Is there any other explanation for faulty ground tests? What corrective action would be necessary? I'm concerned that fixing this would require the entire electrical lines to be replaced... If so, any thoughts on how expensive that would be? I'm guessing quite a bit. What's strange is that the report does mention that a ground is present on the main panal: Grounding system is present. The grounding electrode was buried and not fully visible at the time of our inspection. Wood screws are used to secure the dead front cover to the panel. This is improper because they have sharp ends and can damage the protective coating in the wires inside the panel. We recommend installing proper screws. The inspection report also recommended adding GFCI outlets. Would that help at all?
Is it unsafe if some three prong outlets don't properly test as grounded? Some research says that a QP circuit breaker is the 1" or 2" wide breakers that protect a 110V or 220V circuit respectively, and is made by Siemens. Square D is another manufacturer of circuit breakers and service panels. Ideally, you would want to have all your circuit breakers be manufactured by the same company that makes your service panel; the manufacturer will -- one hopes -- certify that their breakers will work correctly in their panels. Some manufacturers produce breakers with the same mechanical fit as others, in which case it would be up to that manufacturer to say if their breakers will work in a panel made by the other. I'm assuming that the Square D breaker actually fits in the service panel, so to determine if it's OK, you'd have to do some research to see if Square D certifies their products to work with the panel, or if the panel's manufacturer does the same. (Side note: per NEC2008, smoke detector circuits have to be protected with an AFCI if there's a detector in a bedroom. This might explain why that circuit is different.)
Is it unsafe if some three prong outlets don't properly test as grounded? If an outlet has a ground terminal, it should be grounded. No ifs or buts. (And IMO, giving the illusion of ground protection is even worse than not having any protection.). I don't think you can even get two-prong outlets any more, so I think you'll have to fix the wiring. It sounds like you're still negotiating, so this is a good bargaining point. And if you don't get it fixed now, when it comes time to sell, any potential buyers would be within their rights to make you fix it then. An easy way to check that your wiring has a ground conductor is to open up the service panel, look for the breaker that controls those outlets, then trace the black-shielded wire to where the cable feeds into the panel. (If it's present, ground is unshielded.) If you have grounded wiring at the service panel, the next thing to check would be to look inside the outlets in question to see if the wiring there is grounded (it may just be a loose connection, and since it's common to daisy-chain outlets in a room, one faulty wire could affect several outlets). If you have don't have ground at the outlets, but did at the service panel, you probably have a junction box joining the older ungrounded wiring and newer grounded wiring. Time to go exploring in the attic or crawl-space / basement. GFCIs detect a difference between current going out on the live terminal and current coming in on the neutral terminal. If you're the easiest path to ground in an electrical fault, a GFCI will detect that and break the circuit; without a GFCI, you'd have to hope that you draw enough current -- and for long enough -- to trip a regular circuit breaker. On the whole, though, I'd rather that current was running to ground through some copper that's intended for just that purpose.
Is it unsafe if some three prong outlets don't properly test as grounded? If the house has two-prong outlets or three-prong outlets that are not actually grounded, it may mean that there is older knob-and-tube wiring. It's common for much of the house to be have been rewired while leaving a few circuits knob-and-tube. Knob-and-tube wiring may prevent you from getting insurance and can be a fire hazard, especially if you were to blow insulation into walls without knowing that they have knob-and-tube, so it's important to find out if you have it. It's also possible that there is modern, three-connector wiring, but that the ground was never properly connected. Finally, part of the circuit may be grounded but an extension ungrounded. That is is fine in most rooms, but if there is no actual ground, the outlet should be replaced with either (1) a two-prong outlet, (2) a GFCI-type receptacle marked with the words “No equipment ground,” or (3) a three-prong outlet protected by an upstream GFCI and marked with the words “GFCI protected” and “No equipment ground”. See section 210-7(d)(3) of the National Electrical Code. I would start by removing the cover of one of the ungrounded outlets to look for knob-and-tube there. Next, I would look for knob-and-tube in the basement and around the service panel. Your home inspector would probably have mentioned any visible knob-and-tube wring, but it can't hurt to take another look. It's possible that parts of the circuit is still knob-and-tube even though the visible portion (connecting to the service panel) has been replaced. Try to trace the circuit from the service panel to the outlets in question, and open any outlets and junction boxes along the way to understand what kind of wiring is used and how it's connected. If you need to rewrire a few outlets of the entire circuit, the difficulty and cost depends on how hard it is to access the affected areas. Fishing cable through old walls is a daunting task, and it's often necessary to make holes in the drywall and patch it again. A trick for first-floor outlets is to leave most of the circuit in the basement ceiling and drill up to each first-floor outlet.
Is it unsafe if some three prong outlets don't properly test as grounded? The instructions for the last type of laminate flooring I installed actually recommended not selecting the direction based on the longer dimenension of the room, but based on how much light is coming in from each wall, and to select it so the planks ran perpendicular to the wall with the most light. If you're going to break the floor and rotate it at the hallway, I'd say fine, just install a transition, and if you're going to add it to any additional rooms in the future, consider rotating them relative to the hallway, too, so all of the transitions are the same. Snap a few boards together, then a second set, and take a look at how they look placed next to each other where you enter the hallway -- you'll want to see it with the room lighting to see how it looks. If you didn't want to break it, and with all other considerations being equal, I'd not look at your problem as two smaller rectangles, but as two sets of walls ... and there's more linear feet of walls running one direction than the other, so there'd be more cuts running the boards across the hallway rather than down.
What is the best way to remove spray paint from a blacktop driveway? I have an area on my blacktop driveway that some kids thought needed some spray paint, what is the best way to remove it without damaging the blacktop?
What is the best way to remove spray paint from a blacktop driveway? I'm betting that a pressure washer would remove it. It might also remove the blacktop though. It would also be very time consuming. You might be better off using a solvent.
Small amounts of moss on asphalt shingles? What's the best way to remove moss from asphalt shingles?
Small amounts of moss on asphalt shingles? Anything you do to dissolve the paint or with a pressure washer will also remove some asphalt. I'd vote for a good pressure washer, as tar can be messy stuff since it too will probably dissolve under the action of paint stripper. Rent one if necessary, BEFORE the paint has had time to harden is best. Once that is done, however, you will still be left with an image of what you stripped off. So I'd next take the opportunity to apply some blacktop sealer to the entire driveway. Finally, ensure that the kids who did it will not repeat the action. Their paying for the work will help in that respect. If they are required to help do the repair itself, that would be best.
Small amounts of moss on asphalt shingles? I live in South Florida and I too have to do this. My house has 2 AC systems. One of them clogs up after about 3-4 months, the other never has. I'm not sure what the difference is, but ever since I started putting a bit of bleach in the condensate line every time I change my filters; I've had no clogs since then. Assuming this is actually your problem, I would suggest that you do the same.
Small amounts of moss on asphalt shingles? I don't know about the shop vac, but I've heard the bleach suggestion numerous times and it sounds reasonable.
Doors are sticky and noisy when opened? For some reason, the doors in our house make a very loud "unsticking" sound when you open them. It's almost as if the paint isn't cured, since the sound seems to come from the contact area around the frame, where the door touches the doorframe -- but this house has not been painted in 5 years. This loud "unsticking" door opening noise doesn't seem like a big problem, and I suppose it isn't, but since I'm a night owl, so when I open doors it tends to wake my wife up. And that's not good for ye olde marital harmony. What can I do to make the doors in our home open more quietly without this sticking sound? Should I somehow lubricate the frame (I'm worried that it'll collect dust or other particles and look bad)? Maybe use sandpaper to rough the paint up so it's less likely to stick?
Doors are sticky and noisy when opened? Is there anything on door frame like draught excluder? In the UK this is often foam or short bristle but can be "P" shaped rubber strips. It could be this that's sticking to the door, particularly if it's old and has got dirty. If you remove this does the noise go away. Another possibility is the hinge, but the noise you describe doesn't sound like the sort of noise a hinge would make. A drop or two of light oil will lubricate the hinge - something you might want to do anyway.
Doors are sticky and noisy when opened? By what you're describing, I assume you have paint on the outer edges of the door and the inside of the door frame. Paint doesn't make a good lubricant. And the door may not have been fitted to have the clearance for a coat of paint, or three coats if its an older house. And then when its humid and the door expands a bit, the paint rubs catches against the paint on the other surface. If that is true, you could sand down or strip the offending parts until they clear each other without touching (and possibly repaint with a single coat if you need to). I'd expect sanding only to "rough it up" to increase the friction, not make it better.
Tips and advice for repairing front yard stairs cheaply? The front yard concrete stairs at the place we're looking to buy are in need of eventual repair. Some of the steps are different sizes creating a trip hazard. In addition, some of them have large cracks. Is there an easy way to repair them short of completely demolishing them? I'm wondering if it would be possible to "encase" the old stairs in new concrete; thus creating a new frame with more consistent sized steps. Can that be done? Or is there perhaps another way to tackle it? I'm not a fan of demolishing the whole thing and starting over.
Tips and advice for repairing front yard stairs cheaply? Is your sticking sound accompanied by what feels like a little drag on the door as it clears the jamb? If so, then the door is rubbing on the jamb. First check the tightness of your hinge screws, and if they're all reasonably tight and you're still getting the rubbing, you'll need to sand or plane down the offending edge(s) of the door and repaint. If there's no extra drag, and just a little pop as the door first breaks away from the stop (the moulding it closes against when fully closed), then it's likely the paint is just a bit sticky. I'd try giving it a good cleaning with 409 or something. If that doesn't help, for a quick and easy fix you could try to isolate where it's sticking and strategically apply some scotch tape just to that area inside the stop moulding where the door touches. Shouldn't be too noticeable. If you want to fix it the harder but more correct way, you'd need to repaint.
How can I stop my lights from dimming when major appliances start up? So it appears that I narrowed down the cause of my Random Flickering- the faulty 20-amp circuit on the detached garage service panel (leaking 60 volts at some point between the breaker and the last outlet). Once I kill that breaker, all of my random flickering seems to have stopped (and that breaker will not be turned on until that branch is either re-wired, or a specific cause is found). However, now I have noticed a slight dimming whenever the A/C, Fridge, or well pump/pressure tank kicks in. From reading around it looks like this slight dimming tied to major appliances kicking in is not something to be too concerned about. And when it comes to the Fridge and A/C, it isn't an issue for us. Where it does get quite annoying is with the well pump/pressure tank. Whenever water is running (doing dishes, laundry, taking a shower, etc..) the pump kicks in every 10-15 seconds or so, giving the whole house a nice 10-15 second "beat" of lights dimming. Is there anything I can do for this one appliance circuit to reduce or eliminate the flicker?
How can I stop my lights from dimming when major appliances start up? I just got a new place with the same problem, and the inspector mentioned that wood can expand due to heat. The A/C hadn't been working, so the house had been hot in the summer months while it sat on the market. He said not to adjust the doors until after a month of running the A/C. He said if they didn't contract to normal size, I'd have to use a belt sander to shave the edge off.
Is it worth having two locks in exterior doors? I've noticed that some places have a lock in the knob and a deadbolt in the exterior doors, and some places have a knob without a lock and just a deadbolt. Is there a benefit to having a lock in the knob I'm missing?
How should we sand and treat our Victorian floorboards? We have recently bought a new house, well a new old house. It dates from 1900, we have taken the carpet up ad are now looking to sand back the exposed original floorboards. We plan on giving the floor a light sanding, as it smooth just somewhat dirty/cosmetic imperfections. Is the correct process to use a fine sandpaper, and then possibly an intermediate if necessary ? We will be using a large commercial floor sander. After sanding we envisage the wood being a lot lighter, and therefore we will need to stain it. What stains are best oil/water/spirit based ? How many coats of stain are required ? After staining it is necessary to apply a varnish ? We intended to apply two coats of clear varnish. The first coat can be watered down, as it is used to seal the wood ? Does our plan look like a good one ? Edit Just in case anyone is interested, the floor is all done. We used 3 coats of ronseal diamond hard floor varnish. Before the final coat of clear varnish we sandpapered with fine grain by hand, and wiped with wet cloth/let dry for couple of hours. This got rid of a number of cloudy marks that were present and caused, I think, by our slightly imperfect sanding. So one thing I learn't - don't be afraid of the rough paper and really giving the floorboards a good going over. We got them smooth, but there is substantial variation in colour where different amounts of wood were taken off by the sanding/levelling process,however we quite like this the distressed/aged look; They are over 100yrs old after all.
How should we sand and treat our Victorian floorboards? It might be better if you didn't stain the wood. We have varnished the floors in nearly all the rooms in our circa 1900 house and in each case we used clear Ronseal Diamond Hard varnish - it's quick drying and "does what it says on the tin" * - and with three coats it still darkens the wood quite nicely. It isn't necessary to stain before varnishing and most varnishes don't need diluting. In a couple of rooms we stained the boards, but only because we had to replace some and the new ones were the wrong colour. In those rooms is was a case of two coats of stain on the new boards and one on the old. Any more and the wood becomes too dark. The best thing to do is to stain a piece of board in areas with one, two and three coats plus leave an area plain, then varnish. This will give you an idea of what the final effect will be and you can compare the different levels of stain against each other.
How should we sand and treat our Victorian floorboards? Think of the electricity flowing into your house just like water flowing through a pipe. If you turn on a faucet only halfway then you will probably not notice a drop in pressure elsewhere in the house. But if your washing machine is filling (or your irrigation system kicks in, etc.) then you will see reduced pressure elsewhere in the house. The electricity in your house works the same way. Air conditioners, refrigerators, water pumps, draw a lot of electricity when they first start up and you may see a drop in "pressure" when any of those items turn on: Air conditioners, refrigerators, freezers, furnaces, etc. that have large motors require enormous amounts of power when the motor first starts to spin up to speed. Once the motor is spinning, the energy requirement drops way down. This instantaneous need for motor shaft speed is what causes that momentary dimming of your lights. Reference: http://www.askthebuilder.com/QA_Lights_Dim_When_AC_Comes_On.shtml As @Tester101 mentioned in the comments, you could look into a service upgrade to your house (which might not be a bad idea) but the problem might also be with your water pump. The pump kicking on/off every 15 seconds may indicate a problem with the pump itself (capacitor or pressure leak) or possibly an incorrectly sized pump for your usage. You probably want to look into a new/repair/upgrade of the water pump.
How should we sand and treat our Victorian floorboards? The lock in the knob can be set to be locked when the door is closed. In other words, you do not have to do anything extra to lock the door, just pull it closed. This can be good or bad depending on how you look at it (it can be easy to lock yourself out this way). The dead bolt on the other hand always requires an extra step to lock the door (put the key in, lock it, and remove the key); this forces you to have a key in hand, preventing you from locking yourself out. Depending on what you are doing/replacing, also check your local building codes. Some types of deadbolts (the ones that require a key on both sides) may not be allowed in certain situations.
How should we sand and treat our Victorian floorboards? Mechanically, just scrape it off, but you will need to do so carefully. A piece of ply wood would do - it will give you a large edge to scrape the maximum amount of moss off, but won't be too sharp which will reduce the chance of it digging into to the shingles. Work down the shingles starting at the fixed edge that way you won't potentially lift them. You might want to look at why it's forming in the first place. If the shingles are shaded and constantly damp these are ideal moss growing conditions. Prune any overhanging trees and make sure any gutters are clear.
How should we sand and treat our Victorian floorboards? From a security point of view two locks is better than one. Some insurance companies might require that you have a deadbolt type lock, offering reduced premiums if you have a recognised standard one fitted.
How does one know if a well pump is "Short Cycling" or pressure tank is water logged? Is there any calculation that can be performed to estimate the amount of water a well water pressure tank should output between pump cycles? E.g.- I have a 40 gallon pressure tank (non bladder) with a pump switch set to 40psi on, 60psi off. I suspected the tank was water logged, as when taking a shower, the pump would kick in every 15-20 seconds, which seemed short. I ended up draining it, pressurizing the empty tank to 35 psi, then having the pump refill it, and now I am getting 2-3 minutes between pump cycles, so obviously recharging the tank was helpful. This worked out great, but was more of a gut feeling. Is there any calculation to see if a pressure tank has too little air? (i.e.- something like my system should output XX gallons between pump cycles).
How does one know if a well pump is "Short Cycling" or pressure tank is water logged? First, a quick note on technique - start with a coarse grade sandpaper on the floor sander and work down to the the finer grade. The coarse grade removes the old finish and levels out the imperfections, then the fine grade makes it nice and smooth. If you go the other way around, you'll definitely curse every time you see the grooves in the sunlight. Fixing this means stripping off the nice new finish, not fun. In passing, an obvious-in-hindsight but sometimes-missed point is to go with the grain, i.e. sand along the boards, not across them. In any case your sander will complain bitterly if you don't. Also, give the boards an incredibly good wash before you start with e.g. Sugar Soap - you want to try and strip off everything gungy to stop the sandpaper clogging too often. Leave for at least 24 hours to dry nicely. Be sure to hire an "edge sander" too, this will help you get to the edges that a drum sander won't get to. If you can, remove the skirting boards (baseboards) as then you can get right underneath; only do this if you know you're redecorating the walls too and don't mind patching up the woodwork. You'll inevitably end up doing the fiddly bits around the door frame and right in the corners yourself by hand with a scraper or sandpaper, which takes longer than you could possibly imagine. While doing the sanding, remove everything from the room (obviously) and get heavyweight dust sheets to tape around the door. Wear airtight goggles as this is an insanely dusty process. You'll also need ear defenders as this is an insanely loud process too. Regarding stain, it's a matter of personal preference. I've done both and prefer the more uniform result that stain gives. Regarding finish, I've used both oil-based and water-based finishes. Both are OK, but the oil-based one looked richer (can't say why, can't say how) -- and took about three days to dry. Somewhat inconvenient for a hall, and our puppy left nice pawprints. Follow the instructions on the tin; in general thinning probably isn't worth it, as you'll find the second and subsequent coats will go further anyway. I applied three coats of the oil-based finish, and five of the water-based finish, but this depends on the state of your boards. It's handy to rent good bright work lights so you can see where you've been, especially for the second and subsequent coats. What is important is that you get flooring-grade varnish, regular varnish won't stand up to the first party, and yacht varnish will cost so much you won't have the first party...
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? When I shut off a water faucet or right after the toilet tank refills after flushing, I hear a vibrating sound in my pipes. It last between one and two seconds. On the interwebs, I found out that it's called "water hammer" and that it can be fixed by draining my plumbing system: by shutting off the water main and opening up all the faucets and flushing all the toilets in the house. Well, I did that and it helped for two, maybe three days. What do I do next (other than call a professional)?
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? I tried the LEDs, the look is precisely like a Bulgarian chip-shop. Ugh! That's a technology that will take a few more years to sort itself out: fine for those solar-powered lights they give away in garages, but not for indoor use just yet. The Megaman CFLs have a nice, gentle light but take a while to warm up. They're also quite deep (roughly three times the depth of a halogen GU10) so won't work in every fitting. I don't think they'd work well with dimmer switches either. In the end I've been gradually replacing my 50W bulbs with 35W ones, without really noticing the reduction in light. But, perhaps I put too many in to start with?
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? If the painted surfaces are sticking to each other then a rough-up sanding may help. If they're rubbing then yhw42 may be right that friction could increase but since you'd be removing a little material it may decrease resulting in a wash.
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? This normally happens near quick-acting valves in your plumbing system, like those used in a clothes washing machine. Those valves are opened by a solenoid and get slammed shut by water pressure, and all that water coming to such an abrupt stop can rattle already-loose pipes, cause them to become loose, or in the worst case damage them over time and cause leaks. That's why water hammer arrestors are commonly installed near washing machine outlets (it may be required by code, I'm not sure). They look like this: They work by maintaining a reservoir of air inside that vertical tube. When the column of water is stopped abruptly by a valve, the air acts as a cushion, compressing so that the water can slow down more gradually and impart less inertial force to your pipes. These are fairly easy to install even for someone with no plumbing experience. I believe the one pictured is designed to be mounted inline with a sink or toilet connection, and they also make models with standard garden hose style threads for a washer connection. You shouldn't need to install these at every fixture; one set (hot and cold) for each bathroom/kitchen should be plenty. Since your problem seems to occur on (relatively) slower-acting valves that shouldn't be generating an unacceptable amount of water hammer, you may also just have a section of pipe that's not mounted properly. If you're only noticing the banging sound in one area, it may be possible to open up the wall there and install some pipe clamps to keep things from moving around and making noise. This would be a more difficult job than installing arrestors (but potentially cheaper if you do it yourself).
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? At 2.5 GPM, your 2-3 minutes of shower time between cycles is using between 5 and 7.5 gallons. If your tank starts at 60psi and 7.5 gallons is enough to bring it down to 40psi, that means you're starting out with 15 gallons of air in your 40 gallon tank, and ending the 3-minute cycle with 22.5 gallons of air. I calculated this using Boyle's law, or P1 * V1 = P2 * V2. And of course these numbers would be different if your shower head is higher-flow and your 3 minutes of showering used more than 7.5 gallons. I believe to get the most output from your tank, you want it to be nearly empty of water when the pump is set to come on. That means draining and charging it to just below the pump setting, as you did. If you wanted to get a little more cycle time you could probably even go as high as 38 psi. Note that with a bladderless tank, you're going to need to recharge periodically as the air in your tank is gradually absorbed by the water. For what it's worth I think 2-3 minutes is well within your pump's design cycle time. 15-20 seconds was way too short and by noticing it and fixing it you've probably saved yourself an expensive pump replacement.
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? I picked up one of these yesterday and it works great. No problem getting it in between my floor joists, and it doesn't appear to be as finicky about keeping the tool exactly perpendicular to the tubing. As for the different style bands, I'll update here if they start leaking. :)
How do I fix a "water hammer" problem? Moss is there for a reason. It grows because there is moisture. Typically overhanging tree limbs and shade are the problem. You want to cut back the branches over the house so that your roof will get sufficient sunlight and airflow to dry out. Once you do that, a good stiff push broom should be sufficient to scrub off the moss from those shingles. Check for roof damage. That moisture is a killer. It is possible that you will need to replace shingles, or even the wood underneath. You may also have venting problems, preventing the roof from properly drying out. Finally, once you ensure that the roof can dry out, and remove the moss which helps to keep it moist, and replace/repair any problems, you can then add zinc strips to the top of your roof to help retard moss from returning. The zinc leaches out gradually with rain, retarding new moss or algae from growing on your shingles. Nothing will work unless you dry out the roof and keep it dry though.
Building code in Canada Are there any online resources for determining building code requirements in Canada? For example right now I need to know what the proper diameter for a dryer vent to the outside should be. Last week I needed to know how high a flight of stairs can be before hand railings are required . I called the local municipal building inspectors' office to get the answer (24", 60cm). It was successful, but it took 3 attempts to get a hold of someone in the office who could answer. Surely there's an easier more direct way?
Building code in Canada MarkD already gave a really good by the book answer, but let me answer from the side of a homeowner who has had septic tanks for around the last 20 years. The only time I had any maintenance/inspection was one time when my yard was getting really swampy. I had a septic guy come out and he pumped it rather cheaply, no permanent damage, no big whoop. Those Rid-X commercials with the bathroom full of backed up waste seem like an exaggeration to me. We try to go easy on the chemicals, but we aren't that diligent about it. Definitely no drain cleaners, but chlorox goes in the toilets regularly. One thing we do about 2-3 times a year is flush either some baker's yeast. It is effectively the same thing as Rid-X and much cheaper. I've also heard flushing raw hamburger (small quantities) is another way to get the bacteria going, but I'm a little nervous about that idea. I figure my septic tank gets enough hamburger the "regular" way if you know what I mean.
Building code in Canada I completely agree that having more locks can be helpful but also keep in mind that the brand and model also play an important part. AFAIK, some locks (including deadbolts) are still susceptible to bump-key techniques. Sometimes you really do get what you pay for. ;-) -M
Building code in Canada First, let me state that I am NOT a fan of laminate flooring. Laminate flooring comes in a wide variety of quality levels, from extremely poor to fairly good, but share a common trait. They are always a "picture" of wood on some pressed paper or synthetic backing. They can be miserable to work with, easily damaged and almost impossible to repair after installation. Consider an engineered wood "click lock" instead. Pricing is very close and the engineered products usually are much more stable due to having a solid plywood backing, and somewhat refinish-able with a true hardwood veneer. They also handle the occasional water spill much better than most laminates that usually swell, bubble and blister at the site of water! As to your question, strip flooring can be installed in any direction in any room, however the convention is to run parallel with the longest wall in most situations. Rarely is this type of flooring run perpendicular to walls in a hallway. Not only does it tend to make a hallway look narrower than it actually is, but can cause a lot of waste of material when installing. Don't be afraid of changing directions from the room to the hallway if your using a good wood product that can be cut cleanly on a table or chop saw. You simply need to make a very straight and slightly back angled edge (maybe 2 degrees) so the adjoining 90 degree slats are tight with no open gaps. This is extremely difficult to do with cheap laminate, but not so much with a good wood product. There are transition pieces available for both styles, but they usually involve a change of floor level like a threshold and are not a good idea to use on open flooring, as they can create a tripping hazard, however they are fine to use in doorways etc. If you really want to have different directions between spaces, consider using a darker color "frame" around the room. This can make a very attractive transition to a large hallway or separate use area in an open design. Another serious consideration is what type of flooring to use in a large high traffic area vs a smaller room. Laminates are almost always floating and will invariably sound hollow and creak as the temperature changes. For instances, walking across a cold laminate floor first thing in the morning can be like entering a haunted house at a fun park! Seriously investigate the advantages of a better quality engineered product.
Building code in Canada I am not a mason, but my guess is this will be difficult to do it well. My advice is even more suspect since I cannot see the stairs themselves and the extent of the problem. A thin veneer over some faces and a thick one in other places will chip and crack, especially if water ever gets in and freezes. But the major problem is the existing cracks. Those cracks may come from settling/frost heaves, etc. That will leave this new layer prone to the same problem. In order to prevent this, the new layer would need to be reinforced to strengthen it, and it would need to be thick enough to be able to resist cracking when one half of the stairs tries to move. Do these stairs rest on bare ground? Or do they have a proper foundation underneath to avoid frost heaves? My guess is the cracking suggests they are moving around with the weather. A poor fix that fails in a couple of years is worse than doing it right the first time. The best solution probably is to remove them and put new stairs in.
Building code in Canada I agree with all three of your points regarding the pinch ring. I chose to use the pinch ring style to modify some of the work that the previous owner did in our place and had no problems after over a year of them being in place.
Is there any legitimate reason you would NOT connect the ground wire on a circuit? I've been doing some remodeling on my house and had the need to move some electrical outlets. While doing so, I noticed that the ground wire wasn't hooked up on any of the outlets in the circuit (through a bathroom, no less). It was three wire cable, so the ground wire was there. It was just bent back or snipped off at each box and not connected to the outgoing ground line in any way. If it were 2-wire cable, I could chalk it up to someone being cheap, but I can't imagine someone being so lazy that they didn't connect the ground wires when they were right there and available. Most of the other circuits in the house seem correct, so maybe this is intentional? Does anyone know a legitimate reason you would wire up a circuit and not connect the ground wires?
Is there any legitimate reason you would NOT connect the ground wire on a circuit? This is Canada's National Building Code, but unfortunately they seem only to sell copies of it on CD or printed form.
How so I fix a loose Kwikset deadbolt faceplate? We have a kwikset deadbolt on our main door and the faceplate has come loose. There are no visible screws on either side of the door, so I am assuming they are under the brass plate on the inside of the door. I can't seem to get the plate off though. There is a little rectangle on the bottom of the plate, but it doesn't seem to help pop off the plate. The locking handle seems too close for the plate to be allowed to moved enough to reach screws anyway. Does anyone know how to get the plate off?
How so I fix a loose Kwikset deadbolt faceplate? No, there is no reason not to have the ground connected. Even with armored (BX) cable, you should connect the ground. There is an older style of armored cable that uses a wide metallic strip (inside) as the ground which is a bit flaky since it's hard to get a good connection (it is just supposed to connect with the box connector). The actual armor though is not designed for grounding, and should not be used or relied on as a ground (though in most cases, the electrical connection exists for it to work as ground). Let me be clear though -- you should check what is on the other side of the wire, and make sure it actually is grounded (or, possibly, not connected -- which you can fix), and that it is not being used for some other purpose. Just a red flag for me: when someone snips off the ground it means they didn't know what they were doing, so don't assume that anything is correct. One thing to look for - there should only be one common ground in your house, and everything should be tied together. If you have, for example, two separate ground rods and circuits mixed, you can have ground loops and noise issues, especially if you have sensitive electronics (TVs, amplifiers, computers) connected. All grounds should be connected together at or near the main panel. On the same topic, you should have a ground wire connecting your electrical grounding wire to all copper pipes in your house, and to any gas lines. Be careful with placement, as often you need a jumper wire to go around a non-conductive water meter to connect both sets of pipes together.
Understanding results of an energy audit We had an energy audit done a couple of years ago on our 20 year old home. Basically, they hooked up a blower to the front door, and tested the amount of air leakage. The written report suggested a number of improvements, most of which we did: new windows, doors, sealing attic hatches, etc. The total spent was around $15k. Because there's a local government plan to cover some of the expenses, we had a follow up audit done. The overall score from the follow up was exactly the same. This really baffles me, because I know in a couple of places (pre-repair) I could feel a breeze coming in, and the candle test showed it. Will I actually get any savings from my new, expensive, energy-star compliant doors & windows?
Understanding results of an energy audit Black spray paint?
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator? I just got a new house and inherited a very moldy and mildewy refrigerator. My first though it to get some cleaning spray with bleach and just go to town, but I'm worried the bleach might damage the fridge in some way. It's close enough to an outside door that I could take it outside and hose it out as well. I'm wondering if others have had a similar situation and got good results with a particular set of cleaning products.
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator? I've used bleach in the past but you have to rinse it out VERY well. Depending on where the fridge is (and if you can manage to get some friends to help you) you could take it out on the lawn or driveway, scrub the daylights out of it with bleach and water and then hose down the inside with the garden hose ... that way the mess is outside and you can spray to your hearts content without dirtying up the kitchen (or room where it's located).
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator? I've cleaned minor mold and mildew with Windex, but if it's that bad, do you really want to store your food in it? Any harsh chemical cleaner may have a bad effect on any rubber/plastic seal, too, though using occasionally and not letting it sit minimizes the effect.
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator? Two possibilities come to mind: The original contractor was negligent: the circuit is not grounded. This might either be because he was a criminal schmuck, or because he thought that GFI was somehow a substitute for grounding (which would explain why it's only in the bathrooms). You are using armored BX cable, the metal sheath of the BX cable is grounded, and it is electrically connected to the outlet box which is electrically connected to the ground lead so the outlet is really grounded I once came across a bunch of boxes like this (#2) in an old Manhattan brownstone. I couldn't find any ground leads at all, but when I plugged in an outlet tester, it did appear to be grounded, which surprised me. Then I realized the box itself was grounded via the sheath of the BX cable (which is exactly as it should be, to protect for the case of a loose connection inside the box) and that the receptacle itself will be grounded if the box is grounded. In fact even if you have a ground lead, it's good practice to connect it to the metal box with a pigtail.
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator? Here's my 0.02: For starters, check with the refrigerator manufacturer for official cleaning instructions. Some have explicit cleaning instructions/restrictions. Try basic cleaning first (a good how-to is available here: http://www.ehow.com/how_92_clean-refrigerator.html). Assuming that doesn't do the trick, you can try bleach but be careful. Another good how-to is available here: http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/2489239/how_to_clean_a_moldy_refrigerator.html -M
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator? One web site recommends a combination of pressure washer, mineral spirit, and scrubbing with a wire brush.
What is the best way to clean toilet bowl stains? Bought a house a little over a year ago and it was previously a foreclosure and sat for a while. Because of that, it hadn't been cleaned for a while and developed some stains around the water line in all the toilets that we haven't been able to get off. Anyone have any tips on how to get rid of them? Rather unsightly and sure there must be a way to clean them off. Have tried some different tips I'd heard, like pouring a 20oz Coke in the toilet and let it sit over night... that didn't work.
What is the best way to clean toilet bowl stains? Have you tried CLR?
What is the best way to clean toilet bowl stains? The Kwikset locks I've replaced had screws on the deadbolt plate, but I've heard that others have a 'snap-on' plate that can be removed with a flathead screwdriver. This forum post seems to concern a case similar to yours.
What is the best way to clean toilet bowl stains? I agree with Jeff and Mike's answers, but you also have to make sure the lock was installed correctly. When I bought my house and changed the locks, I found out that the strike plates installed (deadbolt and doorknob) on the front door were only screwed into the trim with 1/4" screws. It wouldn't have taken much force at all to rip them right out. (My guess is one well-aimed kick.) The new Schlage locks that I bought came with 4" screws for mounting the deadbolt strike plate THROUGH the trim and into the studs behind the frame.
Is some asymmetry in a breaker box normal? What about neutral to ground having voltage? So, next in my quest to evaluate the health of my new home's electrical system, and call in professionals if needed, was some voltage checking of the panels/outlets around the house. What I have is a main 200A service in the basement, and a 100amp sub-panel on the main floor. See the attached schematic (notice the main panel has a bonding strap between neutral and ground, where as the sub panel does not- I believe this is the right way for it to be wired). I borrowed a friends Fluke multimeter and found the following- In both panels, the red bar to neutral is 119 volts, and the black bar to neutral is 121.5 volts (red and black in my diagram). Testing the outlets around upstairs, I noticed that, as expected, some have a delta v of 119, others, 121.5. I then tested the voltage drop across red to black, and found it to be around 242 volts. I also noticed that I have a slight voltage across my neutral to ground (it just so happens to be about 1.5 volts) upstairs. Is this kind of small asymmetry normal? Should I be getting an electrician in to check things out?
Why is my toilet constantly backing up? I've been in my new house for a few months now, and I end up plunging one of our two toilets about once a week - they tend to swap turns on which one gets to be finicky each week. Is there a more serious cause behind this, or do I just have 'crappy' (hehe) toilets? I don't know if it could be an issue with my septic system. The previous owners weren't too into home repair, so I have no idea if it's ever been pumped, but the house is only 7 years old. While I have managed to refine my plunging technique to an art, I'd appreciate any advice that will let me take a break.
Why is my toilet constantly backing up? From your description, I'd guess it is the toilets themselves. If it is the septic system, you would expect to see slow flowing drains/backup in all of the drains on the lowest floor of the house. If it is only one toilet that is experiencing this, I'd guess it is a cheapo low-power model installed by the builder. Do you have the brand/model and stats of the toilet?
Things to look for while entering the crawlspace of a house I'm considering buying? I'm going to examine the crawlspace under a house I'm considering buying. What type of things should I look for? Here's my list so far: Water, moisture, and dampness -- finding it's source. Electrical lines -- their type and condition. Foundation -- condition... cracks, signs of movement. Wood condition -- signs of termites, wood rot, decay. Anything else? Keep in mind that I'm a newbie. =) And yes, we're having professional inspections done too. -M
Things to look for while entering the crawlspace of a house I'm considering buying? It's probably the toilet that is the problem and nothing later in the line. I highly recommend the American Standard Champion4 Toilet. I installed this when I remodeled one of my bathrooms and two years later it has yet to clog (compared to the other two toilets in my house that clog on a regular basis). The advertisements show it being able to flush golf balls and although my kids have not tried that (at least not yet) I bet it really could handle it. You can find it at both Lowes and Home Depot.
Things to look for while entering the crawlspace of a house I'm considering buying? Surprisingly (to me, anyway) a pumice stone works great for this. A friend recommended it to me when I had a similar situation to yours. I had a hard time believing the stone wouldn't scratch the porcelain bowl, but it didn't and removed the rings pretty quickly.
Which kind of plaster to use on concrete walls, prior to painting? I have a small holiday apartment in Europe that has pre-fabricated concrete walls. The surfaces are relatively smooth but I want to prepare them for painting by applying a skim coat of plaster. Which kind of plaster is the most appropriate for this purpose. By the way, these are internal walls.
Which kind of plaster to use on concrete walls, prior to painting? Neutral-ground bonding The panels are wired correctly. There must only be one connection between neutral and ground in the main service panel. If a subpanel has a bond, then it puts the neutral in parallel with the ground wire back to the main panel -- and this means current from normal loads (that normally the neutral would carry) will travel on ground paths back to the main panel. This includes bare ground wires, conduits, and metal housings. If someone were to touch anything grounded, they could be electrocuted. This can also mean that the magnetic fields created in the hot and neutral don't cancel each other out, which can generate a lot of interference. In the worst case, bad connections or other faults can cause a voltage difference between ground and neutral, causing a lot of very difficult to diagnose problems, and making it even more likely to be electrocuted by touching something grounded (anywhere in the house, from any panel). In short: There must be only one bond between ground and neutral, and it goes in the main panel. Differences in voltage The differences in voltage between the two busses is fairly normal. It is likely caused by the transformer on the pole, or by a load in your house that is causing a voltage drop. For the latter you can try turning off circuits to see if it goes away, but for the former, you're pretty much SOL. That said, it's not a problem. Mains in North America is supposed to be 120V +/-5% (so 114 to 126V is acceptable). The voltage from neutral-ground is also normal. Here is a decent (but technical) article on neutral-ground voltage. In short, it's caused by the fact that over any length of wire, you have some drop in voltage. Since no current flows in the ground wire, there is no drop there and thus you have a difference in voltage. Another source is induced current, which can be caused by wires going through magnetic fields, such as near motors. In short, it doesn't sound like you have any problems.
Which kind of plaster to use on concrete walls, prior to painting? The benefits of the clamps are exactly as you say - the biggest one being that they're sometimes the only option in a cramped area. They used to be over 5x the price of the rings, which adds up very quickly -- but I see now they are only slightly more expensive. I don't think they're any less reliable than regular pex crimps, I know of some (at my cottage) that have been fine for 5+ years now.
Which kind of plaster to use on concrete walls, prior to painting? Is it possible to just seal the wall, prime it, and then paint (maybe using a thick nap roller) avoiding have to put down any plaster? After you have sealed and primed the wall, a coat (or two) of paint with a thick nap roller might be able to smooth out any small defects in the pre-fabricated wall. And painting is going to be much easier than putting plaster down. (Of course patch any major defects in the wall prior to sealing it.)
Is it necessary to connect a boiler and gas meter to the main fuse box? We are getting a new kitchen fitted. An electrical survey has been carried out by the compnay installing kitchen. they have said that, our brand new and recently fitted, boiler needs a earth wire running from itself to the fusebox. As does our old gas meter. This is a pain as they are at the outermost parts of our property and the fusebox is central. So it will mean cables/wires all over the place. Surely the boiler can be earthed via nearby mains powerpoint ? Or straight out to the literal earth via the nearby water stop cock/water meter. Any advice from electricians, or those with electrical knowledge ? I am based in the UK, and apparently these are health safety regulations, although I think they are somewhat open to interpretation.
Is it necessary to connect a boiler and gas meter to the main fuse box? Any top coat plaster should be OK. It might be worth priming the surface with a diluted PVA solution (5 parts water to 1 part PVA - from memory so double check) to seal it.
Is it necessary to connect a boiler and gas meter to the main fuse box? I know you're in the UK, but I'll answer for the US in case someone there has the same question. Boilers and furnaces must be powered by a separate, grounded circuit. Any metal piping system that is likely to become energized must be bonded, including gas pipes, but the equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conductors feeding a gas appliance "shall be permitted to serve as the bonding means": NEC 250.104 (B) Other Metal Piping. Where installed in or attached to a building or structure, a metal piping system(s), including gas piping, that is likely to become energized shall be bonded to the service equipment enclosure, the grounded conductor at the service, the grounding electrode conductor where of sufficient size, or the one or more grounding electrodes used. The bonding jumper(s) shall be sized in accordance with 250.122, using the rating of the circuit that is likely to energize the piping system(s). The equipment grounding conductor for the circuit that is likely to energize the piping shall be permitted to serve as the bonding means. The points of attachment of the bonding jumper(s) shall be accessible.
Is it necessary to connect a boiler and gas meter to the main fuse box? I don't think you can earth via the water pipes any more, so that's not an option. I would have thought that the boiler would be earthed through it's normal power supply, but if it needs a separate earth then as for the meter you could run the earth wire around the outside of the house to the fuse box (or as far as possible) which would minimise both the disruption in installing it and the amount of wire you need.
Is it necessary to connect a boiler and gas meter to the main fuse box? Some things we found under our crawl space that you can keep an eye out for: Joist hangers weren't secured to code, not enough nails. Insulation wasn't properly secured and was sagging. If the crawlspace is part of an addition, make sure ducts and vents arn't coverd up and carry through to the exterior of the house. Make sure any vents aren't leaking air and flow is good.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? Circuit diagrams are very handy. On this site, they can really help illustrate the problem or solution (see here). They can help you visualize what needs to be changed when doing work on your house, and they keep a record of how your house is wired up. How can I easily create these diagrams, especially if I want a digital copy of them? What simple (hopefully free) programs do people use?
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? So to post a formal answer- The program I used to create the diagram in the linked post was Adobe Illustrator, which is definitely not free. That being said, any descent vector drawing program can easily make diagrams like these- one free one that comes to mind is InkScape. That combined with a good library of commonly used symbols in SVG format would make creating these diagrams much easier. I have been able to find plenty of typical electrical circuit symbols but have yet to find home wiring symbols. I have several that I have made, that I'd be happy to release if they would be useful. Edit- another program I have used in the past that is free is xfig, which is a simple vector drawing program for X11 systems. Works great on Linux or OS X, and it includes a pretty big library of schematic symbols.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? Keep in mind what the goal is. The goal is to have everything bonded to a common ground to avoid voltage differentials due to different ground potentials. Like others have said, older installations might use water pipes, but newer usually can't. I don't know your local code, but that's the goal that the code is pushing you towards.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? If you use a Mac, then OmniGraffle might work well. It has some basic symbols for circuit diagrams, and you can easily add new ones (e.g., by pasting in some that you find as images on web pages). It's about $100, but there is a 14-day free trial.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? The easiest solution is to draw on paper, then scan or photograph. Even cell phone cameras are usually sufficient. It may not look as professional, but you don't have to install diagramming software and learn to use it.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I use TurboCad. Prior versions are available from software discounters for as little as US$20. A Mac version is slightly less.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? when faced with a similar situation I was really paranoid and took two cookie sheets and cut a relief cut so I could put each sheet over the pipe in the opposite direction and then soldered the new shutoff valve in place and still be able to get the sheets off.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? If you have any unused piece of tin ventilation or flashing you can snip out a piece of that and set it behind the pipe. My dad used to do this because it was always readily available and easy to snip to whatever size you wanted.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? You also may be able to check out a lot of the plumbing while you're down there. I'm sure this isn't that common, but I've found a broken drain pipe (god knows how that happened), and two (so far) never-glued PVC connections in the crawlspace under our rental cottage. Also look for signs of leakage or deterioration.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I knew a few EE's who used TinyCAD for circuit diagrams. It might be a little bit of overkill for drawing simpler diagrams though. The best news is, it's FREE! Screenshot:
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I usually use a piece or two of aluminum flashing to sheild the areas behind the pipes. Its cheap, easily bent and dissipates heat well.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I use TinyCad - its free, open source and is very activily supported by users. http://sourceforge.net/projects/tinycad/
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I would suggest stainsolver
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I would do one direction, vertically in your drawing.
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? I'm surprised no one has mentioned it yet, but I've always heard it is better to install laminate flooring perpendicular to the floor joists in the room. Often the subfloor can be slightly unlevel due to high points running along the joists and low points halfway between the joists. If your laminate flooring is parallel to the joists, it will simply follow the dips and peaks of the subfloor. However, if it is perpendicular to the joists it will be more likely to span any dips and appear more level. So my advice is to lay the flooring perpendicular to the joists in the room and hallway, and if that means having it run in different directions for the two, just cover the space in between up with a transition strip in the doorway, like a t-moulding:
How can I create circuit diagrams and what program should I use? There are MANY ways to do this. You can buy a piece of heat resistant cloth made specifically for this purpose. You can use a piece of metal as a backing. In fact, this is what I do, since I've got a box full of scrap metal in the shop. Scrap aluminum flashing is especially good, since it is flexible and cheap. You can use compression fittings, so no heat produced at all. They are not cheap of course. I've even seen a tube of stuff that is essentially glue for copper pipe - you squeeze a bit on the joint, slip the pieces together and give them a quick twist, and in a few seconds it sets up. No heat required. Again, this stuff was not cheap, and if you solder only infrequently, the tube will probably dry up before you need to use it a second time. Finally, you can just be careful. Skill with a torch will keep the flame where it belongs - on the pipe, not on the wood behind it. Of course, until you have gained that skill, you might end up burning down your house.
Faucet spout perlator: worth it? I've seen the following perlator and similars (also plastic ones) on some shopping sites. They claim it can decrease water consumption up to 40%. Is it possible? Is it worth to try?
Faucet spout perlator: worth it? I've had a couple of these over the years and found that their biggest benefit was the ability to convert to a spray for better rinsing of dishes if your sink doesn't have a separate sprayer, not so much their water-saving ability. Even though a 40% reduction sounds like a lot, your kitchen sink doesn't use that much water to begin with compared to, say, your shower or clothes washer. So reducing your kitchen sink usage by 40% may not produce noticeable results on your water bill.
Faucet spout perlator: worth it? With a longer hallway I would also consider how square the hall is. If it is out a couple of inches over a long span, and you run the boards along the wall, one side of the hall is going to have boards that get thinner or wider. In this case I would personally run it across the hall. I'm a fan of running the boards separate directions in the living room to the hall. If that is your plan, I would start on the right wall of the large room and work to the left. This way you would make sure you have a full width board at the door entrance, and if there is a thinner board it is on the outside wall. Then you can butt your hall pieces up against it and run them the length of the hall. This assumes your hall is square.
Faucet spout perlator: worth it? If the circuit breaker goes in without having to pound it in, I would say that it is probably fine. There are circuit breakers that are designed to go into more than one type of panel. I know that Square D makes breakers that work in multiple breaker panels, including QP panels. As long as there isn't a significant voltage drop across the breaker, don't worry about it. I would go along and test the voltage drop across all of the breakers while you are at it. That might give you an early warning of a faulty breaker.
Faucet spout perlator: worth it? If you have a hot wire that has come loose that touches the gas pipe you want it to cause a short so that it trips the breaker, or blows a fuse. If the wire doesn't trip a breaker, or blows a fuse, the wire can start eating away at the pipe. I have actually seen an armored cable eat away at a piece of ductwork, all the wile giving off a glow where the two met.
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? I'm planning to remove a "popcorn" ceiling and submitted a ceiling sample to the labs for asbestos testing. Here are the results: It looks to me like the labs didn't detect any asbestos but I'm not sure what exactly Vermiculite is and if it's safe to remove myself. Any thoughts? Are there any special removal instructions for Vermiculite?
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? I'd recommend calling the company who did the testing and ask them for clarification. I'm not sure if the Vermiculite itself poses any health hazards. I did read that it's non-toxic but I'm not sure what happens when you disturb it to remove it. I think in this case it's probably best to ask the professionals.
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? Just use vinegar and water.
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? You can just use whichever bus is easier to get to in the main panel since they are wired together, either with a large wire, or they can be physically the same piece of metal. That being said, any electrician who take pride in their work will make sure that all of the neutrals run to one bus-bar, and the grounds the other. Also it makes it so that later down the line, you can add a new panel as the main one, using the old main panel as a sub-panel without a lot of rewiring.
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? On your bottom photo can you just put some screws in the back? For other vents do something similar? Or get out a handy tube of silicone or liquid nails and go crazy.
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? I have welded metal pipes, right next to wood, without starting a fire. Although I was just using the wood to hold the pipes where I wanted them while welding, so it didn't matter how damaged the wood became. Since we are talking about structural members of a building, you may want to do something to protect the wood. Just make sure you aren't pointing the torch directly at any flammables, and use something that is fire-resistant to deflect the heat, and you should be fine. You could even use a spray bottle before hand, to lightly spray nearby flammables to help deflect the heat. You can also go and check on it after a while, just to make sure nothing is going to catch fire.
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? Vermiculite on its own poses no health risk, and can be removed without concern. However, in many cases, mined vermiculite can contain traces of Asbestos, and so its removal is not recommended without an asbestos test. I would, as Scott suggests, call the testing company, and make sure that since no asbestos fibers were found, this indicates that the vermiculite used was asbestos free. If that is the case, you are good to go (that being said- wear a mask when you strip the popcorn ceilings, or you'll be coughing and hacking a lot- that dust is nasty).
Is the vermiculite found in my popcorn ceiling toxic? Can I remove it myself? After doing everything else to clean the hard surfaces, you might want to look to see if you can get a gasket replacement kit for your model of fridge -- sometimes, it's easier to replace softer parts than to try to clean them. (particularly if they're aged / cracked / torn / etc.) ... oh ... and don't use mouthwash. That was my brother's solution to trying to use to disinfect (after hosing out and scrubbing) a fridge in similar condition that I acquired ... everything tasted vaguely minty for months afterwards.
Can't remove ice tray from GE french door fridge I have a GE stainless french door fridge model GFSS6KKXSS. I can't get the ice maker tray to come out. It has a small release lever on the side, which I have used before when removing it. It seems to be frozen in there, or stuck on something. I want to take it out because it was jammed and the auger wouldn't turn. I blew into the ice depensing hole with a hair dryer and got it to turn again. It dispense the ice, but I need to get it out to see if anything is broken. Disclaimer: Not a photo of my actual fridge - stock photo used.
Can't remove ice tray from GE french door fridge I have a well as my water source, and my water has high levels of iron. This stains and leaves a residue in my sinks, shower, and toilets. It's from from the byproducts of the iron-eating bacteria. It's actually harmless, but it's smelly and ugly. If you're not sure what's in your water, you should take a water sample to get chemically tested. I found a state certified water lab in the yellow pages under "Chemical Consultants." Mostly cleaning the toilet just takes elbow grease, patience, and a willingness to work on a gross toilet for some time. I start by just scrubbing with a toilet brush, both in the bowl and in the tank. That gets rid of some of the loose buildup. Then I put on some long rubber cleaning gloves, get a fresh Scotch-Brite scrubbing pad (a used one is too soft to be effective), and I get started. I use Barkeeper's Friend, a dry acid-based cleanser. This helps to break down the stains. I shake about 1 tablespoon of Barkeeper's Friend onto the Scotch-Brite pad and scrub it into the stain. I mix Barkeeper's Friend with a small amount of water to make a thick paste and smear that liberally on tough stains. I let it sit for about a minute, and then the stain is a lot easier to scrub out. The cleaner is helpful in the upper bowl, but it's less effective below the water line as it just dilutes in water. I've tried liquid toilet bowl cleaner too, and that can help. Just make sure you don't mix acid-based cleaners with chlorine bleach! This produces poisonous chlorine gas. I think liquid toilet bowl cleaners are now made without acids for this reason, but check the ingredients carefully. And wear long cleaning gloves and eye protection.
Can't remove ice tray from GE french door fridge I have also found that buildup of minerals or iron by-product can foul up the mechanism that lets the float detect the water level. I have a lot of crud in my water because I'm on a well. Harmless, but smelly. So I have to take apart the toilet mechanism about every month or two and scrub it all out.
Is it an easy task to replace a wall thermostat? As above, is it an easy DIY job to do this safely? In my research into the above it has become apparant that I should consider replacing the old thermostat with a programmable one for energy savings. How does a programmable thermostat produce savings? I assumed the whole point of the thermostat in the first place was that the heating wouldn't be on if it was below the desired level anyway.
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? As above, the hot water works but the radiators do not come on. It's an old gas powered central heating system. We're thinking it's the wall thermostat at fault but is there anything else it might be? Update: I thought I should post a follow up for the sake of future Googlers. It turned out to be the pump as ChrisF had suggested. The hot water still worked because it's gravity fed from the loft (or attic if you prefer ;)), whereas the pump wasn't kicking in at all. 20 years' worth of use had clogged it up. When the system was emptied the water that came out of it started brown and quickly went black. With your car you get it serviced every year. Boilers get serviced on a regular basis too but the system itself doesn't, so over the years the muck builds up and builds up and nothing gets done about it causes something to break, i.e. now.
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? To answer the first question: Replacing the thermostat is equivalent to changing a light switch. You need to turn the power to the central heating off before you start work. Unscrew the old thermostat, disconnect and then reconnect the new one. What you will need to make sure before you do this is that the new thermostat has the same terminals as the old. Do you have a particular thermostat in mind? If so can you provide a link, then we'll be able answer the second question more easily.
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? The most obvious thing that springs to mind is that you have air in your system. Do the pipes between the radiators get hot, or the bottoms of the radiators but not the top? If so then you need to bleed your radiators. You should have a little key with a square hole. Carefully open the valve at the top of the radiator a very small amount - you should hear a hissing sound of air escaping. Wait until water starts to dribble out - use a cloth to catch this. Repeat for all radiators. For more information, pictures and a couple of videos see The Ultimate Handyman UPDATE Turn your thermostat all the way up - to make sure that it registers the current temperature as too cold - then the boiler should kick in. If not then it's the thermostat. If the boiler does kick in check the central heating return pipe - this should get hot after a few minutes. If not then there's either an airlock in the pipes themselves or the pump isn't working. Can you hear the pump turning. If not there's a screw head in the centre of the pump which controls the speed of the pump (see the pictures here). Turn this clockwise. If the pump still doesn't turn you may need to replace it. It could also be the electronics in the boiler not sending the signal out to the pump. At this point consulting a heating engineer would be your best option.
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? To lend support to ChrisF ... it's very easy to change your thermostat. Every place I've lived in has had the old mercury trip thermostat, wildly inaccurate. I just went to my local home depot and for about $25 I picked up a nice programmable digital thermostat. Was a snap to replace and works prefectly !!
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? Replacing a thermostat is trivial, and similar to changing a light switch. Disconnect the two wires coming from the furnace/boiler, then reconnect them to the new thermostat. Turn off power to the furnace/boiler first. A programmable thermostat saves fuel and money because it can be programmed to lower the temperature when you sleep or are at work. It doesn't matter which brand you pick, but most of them have horrible user interfaces, worse than old VCRs and clock radios.
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? There should be a valve in line with the pipe that goes to the radiator. They are usually right after a manifold (one in, many out). The thermostat controls those valves. You can feel the pips (carefully) to see if the hot water gets past the valve. You could also check the voltage to the valve coming from the thermostat. They are usually 24 volts AC to open them and let the hot water through. Be sure to put the voltmete on AC not DC.
Although my hot water works, why won't my radiator come on? DO NOT use a hair dryer in your fridge. I've seen it many times where people destroy the fridge because they get the plastic too hot and it will actually melt. If you have a big cooler, load it up with all of your stuff, turn the fridge off and leave the door open. This should melt any ice that is stuck there. If you leave the freezer closed and don't open it, don't worry about taking your stuff out of it. It'll stay cold for quite a while on it's own.
What is the difference between dimmable and non-dimmable CFL bulbs? I have a dimmable ceiling light fixture in the Dining room. I put in CFL bulbs a few months ago. It all seems to work fine, no problem. I went to a hardware store yesterday and saw that there were CFL bulbs that were labeled as "dimmable". They were ~$10 for a bulb that puts out light equivalent to 100 W incandescent bulb. What's the difference between a dimmable and a regular CFL bulb? Do I really need a dimmable one? My regular CFL bulb seems to work fine right now.
How long can I wait before staining a new deck? I just moved into a new (well, old) house. The previous owners put in a deck probably about 1 year ago. It's treated lumber, but they hadn't yet stained it. Winter is approaching quickly here in upstate NY, so I'd like to wait until Spring if I can. But I'm concerned that letting it sit unstained through the winter will have long term effects on the wood. So, can I wait? or should I do it?
How long can I wait before staining a new deck? It'll be fine. You should always wait at least one year anyways to make sure the wood is fully dried. I think I waited almost 3 years before I stained parts of my deck, with no detrimental effects.
How long can I wait before staining a new deck? Like other answers indicate, this is pretty simple, and a great idea if you're going from a manual to programmable thermostat. I can't comment yet, but thought it important to point out that there are (at least) two different types of thermostats. Some work for forced-air furnaces, and others work for radiators. Make sure you get the right kind.
Can oscillating "multi-tools" sand vertical surfaces? I need to sand some rough spots on our old front door before repainting and am considering buying/using a multi-tool for this task (as well as some tricky flooring and drywall tasks later). What's strange though, is that I haven't seen any demonstration videos where people are sanding a vertical surface. Do these tools require the surfaces to be flat and horizontal when sanding?
Can oscillating "multi-tools" sand vertical surfaces? That is odd, I've never noticed that but you're right! Anyway, they can sand, cut, or whatever else you want to do in any orientation. I've been thrilled with mine so far.
Can oscillating "multi-tools" sand vertical surfaces? If you're talking about tools like this, then you can use them vertically. The manual for the tool I linked to doesn't have any mention of the words horizontal, vertical, level, flat or upright, so if they don't warn you not to, you can assume it's OK to do it. One thing to note is that to sand a vertical surface, you're going to have to hold the tool more tightly than you would if you were working on a horizontal surface. This will cause more vibration to be transferred to your hand and wrists, which will tire them out more quickly. If you're doing a large area, this can cause repetitive strain injury; when I sanded some window frames a while back, it took a couple of days afterwards for my wrist to feel OK again.
Can I safely power a three-prong electrical device from a light socket? I have a covered lampholder (light socket) outside my house that I want to use to temporarily power a plug-in string of indoor/outdoor lights. Using CFLs, the total wattage of the string of lights will be lower than the rated wattage (100 W) of the lampholder. The string of lights uses a grounded (three-prong) plug. Is there a way to safely power this using the lampholder? I can't find any lampholder-to-outlet adapters that give you a grounded outlet. Are there any? Would it be safe to use a two-prong lampholder-to-outlet adapter with a two- to three-prong grounding adapter? Is there anything I can do to make it safer? Keep in mind that this is outdoors, under small cover.
Can I safely power a three-prong electrical device from a light socket? If you're talking about an A19 lampholder (the medium screw-in base widely used in the US), there are only two electrical contacts: live is at the back of the lampholder and neutral is the screw thread. While the light fixture itself should be grounded, it's not available via an adapter. In an outdoor situation, ground protection is even more important than indoors; if your exterior circuit also includes exterior receptacles, it should already be covered by a GFCI. As I said in an another answer, that breaks the circuit if there's a ground fault, but without a ground connection, any current is going through you to ground, instead of through the ground lead. So no, it's not safe to use a two-prong to three-prong adapter and leave the ground on your lights disconnected. I have seen exterior light fixtures with a grounded electrical outlet built into them; if you were able to change the light fixture, that would be the safest way to go.
Can I safely power a three-prong electrical device from a light socket? Have you tried pulling up the toilet and seeing if there is an object stuck in trap (the S-shaped portion of the toilet)? I had a similar issue and someone had dropped a toothbrush into the toilet, which got lodged sideways into the drain area. I took off the floor bolts, detached the water source, pulled up the toilet, looked up the toilet drain pipe, and the problem was immediately evident. You might need to buy a new wax ring to reinstall the toilet onto the floor.
Can I safely power a three-prong electrical device from a light socket? Would a bamboo rug work? It'd be easy to roll up when not in use. I don't know if it's a great dancing surface, though.
Can I safely power a three-prong electrical device from a light socket? Here is an article (How to Make a Temporary Dance Floor) on how to make a dance floor from Medium-density fiberboard (MDF) and some old scrap carpeting. Home Depot also sells carpeting by the roll and it is pretty inexpensive (then you could get just the right size fit for the MDF boards and also the area of your dance floor). Purchase MDF and scrap carpet at a hardware store specific to your measurements. Standard MDF will be 3/4 inch thick and will be cut into 4 feet by 8 feet pieces. You should have the MDF cut into pieces that will fit easily into your space. Purchase the same amount of scrap carpet to place underneath the MDF. Glue the scrap carpet to the underside of the MDF. This will prevent your floor from being scratched and will provide cushioning for your feet and knees.
Can I safely power a three-prong electrical device from a light socket? Remember that ground can save lives. I do not live in the US, but in my country the rules for ground are very strict. If you can connect the ground you have to do. And you are not allowed to have grounded and ungrounded equipment in the same room. But reality often differs... I have jusd replaced and expanded the electricity in our house. In the shed anything was grounded but the ground wire was not attached. So I did attach the wire. Some days later (during the housewarming party) we saw a flash and heard a loud bang. After some investigation I found out that there was an loose (life) wire that connected with the metal (now grounded) case which resulted in a nice and spectacular short circuit. This means, that If I hadn't connected the ground, the metal case of the light was connected to 230 V AC unnoticed. Anybody could have touched that with probably fatal results. So I'm really glad I have the habit to examine and correct all electrical connections.
What's the best/official way to draw a building's electrical system? We are installing home automation systems, and we have serious problems with electricians. Short: they are stupid and lazy. So, we have to do something. There're some stories: We have a spreadsheet with a numbered list of all the wallets, lamps, switches, and also a layout map of the house, all wallets/lamps/buttons/etc. signed on it with these ID numbers. With this list in his hand, our electrician just marked all wires with his own words instead of numbers, e.g. "sleeping room lamp switch". He has made no checklist at all. We're working at the rack, wiring relays. There are cca. 200 wires coming from the rooms for input/outputs installed by electrician, but after a while we found that about 50 wires are missing, there are plenty of relays left empty. We call electrician, he says: "I have had no more space for wires". (Not my story.) We mark all swith places on the wall with small sticky papers, writing ID numbers on it. Checking wires, it appears that there is a wire numbered "4" at the place "14". Electrician says "oh, I did not see the '1' before the '4'...". And so on. Electricians don't do any documentation. The pen and paper is missing from electricians' toolbox. We're enough. Legendary hard times arrives for electricians. We will don't pay if they don't do their job immaculate (we will ask customers to do so). Sorry, guys. So, what we need is a simple, easy-to-understand graphical markup system which we can push into the hands of the electrician, and say: that's the job, brother, do it, no more, no else, no less, otherwise you will be surprised at payment. Is there any standard for it? We should draw it into the layout plan. We should put separate rooms to separate pages, if it helps. Any ideas are welcome, e.g. "make two drawings, one for wallets and another for lamps", "use only prime numbers for IDs", "don't draw, use detailed textual instruction list with checkboxes", "ask him to sign that he understands the plan and the conditions" etc. The drawing system should contain the following item types: pushbutton, shutter pushbutton (two-way, 3 wires: common + up/dn), wallet 220V, IR/move sensor, shutter motor (3 wires), lamp 220V, wallet 220V, CAT5 ethernet cable (both for computer network and buttons), other power wire (e.g. 12V), etc. (I will update the question if you have other important requirements I forgot.)
What's the best/official way to draw a building's electrical system? Don't assign any complex function to IRL buttons. They sould just turn on and off the device, set the temperature higher or lower, max. select mode. Just as if there were no home aut. at all. The complex functions should be reach only from computer interface. There are room for "online" help, more complex widgets (e.g. time adjust) etc.
What's the best/official way to draw a building's electrical system? I have the harbor freight version, and it has served me well, but I would definitely recommend the upgrade to one of the more mainstream versions. I've been through 3 so far, all warranty replacements, for switch failures. Even with the failures, I've been very happy with the job that the tool did and will definitely upgrade to a Fein if and when we purchase the fixer upper house we are looking for.
What are some tips for installing a small shed? I want to put in a small shed to store my push lawn mower and perhaps a few other things. Our village's website states we need a permit: SHEDS – Must be either anchored to a concrete slab or have footers 42” deep Inspections Required for Sheds: Footers (prior to pouring concrete) rough framing and a final inspection. Which is easier/cheaper? concrete slab or footers? How do I go about buying a shed? Would I need to do the concrete/footers myself and then have home depot deliver it? We live in upstate NY if that matters (lots of snow in the winter).
What are some tips for installing a small shed? Any place that sells pre-built sheds in your area would likely have advice on site preparation for delivery. I don't know what the soil's like in your area, but if you're going to hit bedrock before 42", it'd likely be easier to put in a slab; If you're likely to hit lots of tree-roots, the slab might be a better choice (so you don't kill a tree, and have it fall on your new shed) For most other times, I'd personally go with footings, but I live in an area that's clay and easy to dig. (other than tree roots). Some pre-built sheds are made to sit on a slab, as they have no floor; this can make it easier to get things in/out of the shed, as you don't have the step-up. ... also, rather than buying from Home Depot or similar, look to see if there are Amish or Menonite areas near you -- they often have businesses that do this sort of pre-built structure construction. It might be a little more expensive, but you can get them customized to a specific size, material, etc ... it's what I'd do if I wasn't going to build it myself.
Can plants be planted over a drain field? The previous owner of my house planted plants and small bushes where the drain field is. I have a feeling that the roots will eventually damage the drains. Is this okay or should I remove them?
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? I have a pile of drywall scrap that's been sitting in my garage for a few years after a remodel, "just in case". My buddy came up with the idea of turning it into "karate boards" for our kids to destroy. Scrap pieces start at half sheet (4x4) and go down. I'm also on the lookout for an excuse to buy something new. (Honey, it's for the kids!) At this point my only idea is to use the circular saw and toss the blade afterwards.
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? A craft knife or box cutter will do the job very quickly and cheaply. You only need to score the front side of the drywall and then it should snap cleanly enough along the score line. If you already have a Dremel or Roto-Zip, you can get drywall bits for them that will make short work of any drywall.
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? I'll go ahead and answer because I think your core question is a good one. It sounds like what your company installs are fairly complex home automation systems, and you're hiring residential electricians to do the wiring. Instead, what you need for applications like this is an electrician with industrial automation experience. They do exactly the type of thing you're asking all day long -- wiring rack-mounted PLCs and relays, labeling wires according to ID numbers on a diagram, high voltage and low voltage wiring and termination. Another thing you need is a contract. If having your circuits and wires marked a certain way is important to you, then you need to specify that in your contract. You can't just assume that your electrician will know that you prefer ID numbers on your circuits just because he has a sheet with ID numbers on it, especially a residential electrician whose usual clients would have no idea what the ID numbers meant. And then, if something isn't done according to what you spelled out in the contract, you can point it out and the electrician will correct it. The other stories you mention just sound like mistakes that should have been corrected by the electrician, assuming they were his error (was it you or he that ordered the relay panel that didn't have enough room for 200 wires?). Anyway, everyone makes mistakes now and then. To answer your specific question, there already is a system for diagramming electrical circuits. You should probably already be familiar with these symbols if you're installing home automation. One last piece of advice for good communication with your electrician if you're working in the U.S. (which you may not be): make sure that what you're calling these devices matches up with U.S. terminology for these devices. For example, in the US, you would never call a switch with an "up" and "down" position a pushbutton. Here, a pushbutton is a button that you push into the surface on which it's mounted. Up/down switches are normally just called switches, at least in a house. I don't know what a wallet is, maybe a wall outlet? And it would be very unusual to have a 220V lamp circuit.
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? Niall's right with the craft knife -- just score, snap, and cut the paper on the other side. The rotozip and similar work fine, when it's just quick a dirty, unless it's really intricate cuts, I stick with a good old drywall saw. You can get cheap ones for $3-5.
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? There is always a drywall saw. It can be messy (not as clean as a knife) but it works fast.
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? If you're really on the lookout to buy something new, a sawzall would make extremely quick work of this task. It's like using a sledgehammer to kill a fly, but they're really handy in other areas, and you can pick one up for less than $100. The rotozip suggestion is also a good one.
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? You have an excuse to buy a tool? Why not go for broke: US-X Computerized Cross-Cut Saw
What quick and dirty tool/method should I use for cutting scrap drywall? Do not use a non-dimmable CFL with a dimmer. It shortens the CFL's life, and, in rare cases, a dimmer operating a CFL could result in fire. Change it out with a switch to be safe. Dimmable CFLs aren't as good as incandescent for dimming. Their lowest settings are nowhere near that of incandescent, but they are good if you want the option to save on power and still be able to dim the lighting. Sometimes you will have to turn up the light to get it to kick on and then dim it. They can also be audible at their lowest setting. If you buy some, save the receipt as you may not like their drawbacks.
How can I seal around a light fixture/light switch outlet? I Have a house built in 1972. I'm currently 80% finished in installing a ceiling fan into my master bedroom. I had an energy audit about a month ago, which revealed that I had "pretty good sealing" in my home, but found the classic attic/wall entry points, specifically, wall outlets and holes in the ceiling for light fixtures, were leaking air. I've already bought and installed all of the foam outlet/switch sealers (like this), but I don't feel as though its sealing very well around the house. I'm also not sure what to do around the hole in the ceiling. Googling reveals suggestions like this one, but doesnt specifically mention what can be done to seal a hole in the drywall around electrical fixtures (I'm concerned about fires) Any suggestions?
How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish? I have some hardwood floors that I refinished 5 years or so ago. They're mostly holding up pretty well, but around our breakfast bar the stools have taken up some of the varathane and have left damaged (scuffed and peeling) spots. Are there products and/or tools that I can use to repair those spots without substantial sanding, and without refinishing the whole floor?
How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish? If the gap is small enough, you can just use some general purpose caulk. For bigger gaps, patch it with some mud or spackle, then caulk to finish. Since it's going to be hidden behind a light fixture, it doesn't even have to be that pretty! (They do make a fire-retardant foam, but I look at the warning labels and get nervous when they say "extremely flammable while curing.“)
How do I cut nice mitered corners? I will be adding moulding and trim to a few rooms after I lay laminate flooring. I have already done this in one room and I was really discouraged with my miter cuts. In most corners, I had a gap of at least 1/4" that I had to fill with caulk even though I set my compound miter saw to 45 degrees. Does anyone have any advice on cutting better corners?
How do I cut nice mitered corners? There are two possible causes for this: Your room's corners aren't exactly 90°. Your mitre saw isn't accurate. Given you mention you are using a compound mitre saw I'm going to go with the former. Unfortunately with non-square rooms you're going to have to do this by a little bit of trial and error. Use some offcuts of the moulding or even scrap wood to find the exact angles you need and then transfer those to the actual pieces of wood you are going to use.
How do I cut nice mitered corners? Are you cutting with the board standing up in the saw like it will be positioned in the room, or with the board laying flat in the saw and using the compound setting to cut it? The reason I mention it is that I once borrowed a saw and it just wasn't as accurate using the compound setting (saw tilted). Swinging the saw left or right, there is usually a detent at 45 degrees and the saw is more accurate. If you board is too wide, you may have no choice other than lay it flat and use the compound feature. Brian
How do I get the stem out of a hose bib to replace the washer? I have no idea why this isn't simple, perhaps because every repair project has to have some hitch in it to piss me off. I have a leaky hose bib in my back yard, so I wanted to take the sucker apart and replace the washer in the valve stem, right? Well, I took the screw out, the one in the middle of the handle. Then I unscrewed the hex around the stem, but the sucker just won't come loose. It shakes around and wobbles like it should come off, but it just doesn't. I thought maybe I needed to unscrew the handle out of there once I got the screw and nut off, but wound up just breaking off part of the handle. So now I am buying a new hose bib anyway to replace the one I broke, but I am still curious, how the heck do I get that sucker off? For reference, the hose bib is the style pictured here.
What's the easiest process for cutting bathroom flooring tiles to fit complex door trim? I'm going to be laying in some fairly heavy-duty vinyl bathroom flooring tiles (similar to the Armstrong Caliber product, although I'm not sure it's actually that brand). The bathroom has some tough corners to match, which I will cover with molding, but also has some places where the doorway trim goes through the floor, and so I have to try to trim to the profile of the trim. Are there any good ways to do this (short of removing the trim and sing it as a template)? With lighter-weight linoleum I would probably just use a box-cutter to try to make the cuts - is there a better tool to use for this material?
What's the easiest process for cutting bathroom flooring tiles to fit complex door trim? You can use Kicad - open source and very activily supported by users.
What's the easiest process for cutting bathroom flooring tiles to fit complex door trim? I would cut the bottom of the trim so the tile can slide underneath. Then you only need to approximate the shape of the tile, but you don't have to worry about perfect edges. I've used the Dremel Multi-Max with the 3/4" flush cut blade to cut base trim and door jambs so I could slide hardwood flooring underneath. I borrowed a friend's and decided I needed to buy my own as soon as my next project came up.
What's the easiest process for cutting bathroom flooring tiles to fit complex door trim? I agree with aphoria about cutting under the trim. The best tool for this is a dovetail saw. Lay your vinyl next to the door, place the saw flat on top, create yourself a nice snug pocket to slide the flooring under. As far as cutting the vinyl, you can use a heat gun to soften the material first to make an easier/cleaner cut with your utility knife.
What is the best way to remove and prevent leaf stains on concrete pavers? We have a brand new paver stone walkway/patio. To my dismay, I noticed that their were leaf and acorn stains from the oak tree in the front yard. I've learned my lesson and I'm going to try to keep the walkway swept more regularly. Will these stains go away with enough rain & time? If not, what's the best remedy for removing these stains? What's the best mode of prevention?
What is the best way to remove and prevent leaf stains on concrete pavers? I'd agree with @aphoria about just cutting back the trim (unless this is a temporary job, as you're not going to be able to extend it later if the floor gets lowered). ... but I wouldn't use a dovetail saw. Yes, the fine teeth will minimize tearing, but the handle placement and rigid spine make it much more difficult to get a horizontal cut. Instead, try a "ryoba" (japanese pull saw) ... the flexible blade means you get it right against where you're trying to cut.
What is the best way to remove and prevent leaf stains on concrete pavers? (I need to do one of these myself in the next couple of days.) As I recall, you would follow this procedure... Turn off the water, so no pressure is found at the valve itself. Remove the handle, by unscrewing the small screw in the center. Be careful not to damage the phillips head recess, as this screw is probably made of brass. Remove the small nut around the stem. Put the handle back on. This part is only temporary, to allow you to unscrew the stem itself. If the stem will not pull out, you need to pull out the packing around the stem. That packing prevents water from escaping past the stem when the water is turned on. You may need a needle nose pliers to pull the packing out. Once the packing is removed, the stem should unscrew easily. Do so. Verify that you have the correct size washer, and put the new one in. Again, be careful with that screw as it is often made of a soft metal. If you damage the head, replace it too. (If the water has been dripping for too long, the seat for the valve can actually be eroded. So look inside for signs of this. There are tools you can use to repair a valve seat, but it might just be better to replace a valve that is badly damaged.) Screw the stem back in. Replace the packing. New packing can be bought from your local hardware store, and it is a good idea to replace it now. It is basically cord, impregnated with graphite or teflon, that will compact under pressure from the nut. Put the packing nut back on, not too tight that the stem will not turn, but not too loose that water comes out when the pressure is back on. Either of these problems are easily identified and resolved of course. Put back the handle in its proper place, tighten down the screw carefully. Turn the water back on. Check for leaks. I think I got the major steps down.
What is the best way to remove and prevent leaf stains on concrete pavers? The tannins from oak leaves will leave stains behind. I would suggest not worrying about it. Those stains are just character, part of nature. Choose to appreciate nature. You could probably bleach them out (using simple chlorine bleach or oxalic acid), but why? Why introduce harmful chemicals into the area that may hurt you or damage your plants? Besides, the bleach may not get everything consistently the same color as it was. So you may just leave yourself with another problem to solve. Sunlight will cause them to fade over time anyway, and as other stains occur, the pavers will become randomly stained, eventually all to the same color.
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? We have a glass cooker hob (glass top stove) where the black glass has chipped at one edge. Is there a repair system that will hide the damage? I am looking for something that is gloss block that will stick on the glass, so as to hide the chips. This is what I mean by a "cooker hob"
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? Firstly if the circuit is protected with a RCD (residual-current device) you have a lot less to be concerned about. I would not be very happy having a string of lights not protected by a RCD however they are connected! The next step is to find out if the earth pin on the lights plug does anything. There may be only a two core cable from the plug to the lights, or the earth core of the cable may not connect to anything in the lights. If this is the case you don’t need an earth. If you do need an earth (ground), you have to be careful about which earth you use. Depending on where you live you are not allowed to connect outside equipment to the house earth and must put in a separate earth spike. Otherwise if you get a fault in the house, you can export the fault voltage to the case of the outdoor equipment. If I were you, I would buy a set of low voltage lights, or failing that a set of “double insulated” lights so you don’t need to think about earthing.
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? Another option would be to replace the basic lampholder with a lampholder that has a grounded outlet in its base. They fit on the same hole size, and this would give you the grounding that you are looking for as well. Of course, you will need a ground wire already run to the lampholder (which may or may not already be there).
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? Keep in mind that for inside corners, you shouldn't be using miter cuts at all -- you should cope them instead. That gives you a joint that appears mitered, but is more forgiving of slight errors and with less tendency to open up over time.
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? You could try an oxygen bleach like StainSolver. Its not harmful to the environment. I don't have any association with it other than being a customer.
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? This apparently is for a smooth glass top on a stove. GE sells them, perhaps others now. Traditionally, the word is that these are generally replaced when cracked. A small chip on the edge may not be worth replacing the top (which is EXPENSIVE from what I've heard) until that crack chooses to propagate. The problem is, heat stresses in glass tend to turn small cracks into big ones. You might ask the manufacturer, but I'll bet a large sum of money they have no interest in repair anyway. They want to sell you a new top. The first solution I would think of is a high temperature silicon caulk. You can buy it in a tube, and it does come in black. I don't know how much it hardens though. If not that, I would look for a high temperature epoxy. You can get colorants for epoxy.
How do I repair a glass cooker hob (glass top stove)? You could use a profile gauge. They are also known as contour gauges. You push this against your architrave (the doorway trim) and you get the profile you need to cut. You then transfer this to what ever you are cutting (the vinyl in this case) by drawing round the shape. You then use a sharp knife to cut along the line. The Wikipedia entry has a couple of nice pictures to show how it can be used. I've also found this clip from MichaelHoligan.com which shows one in use.
Is there an alternative and less toxic way to clean an oven than using oven spray? I have drippings that have caked on to the botton surface of my oven. Now, every time we use the oven, they start to smoke and set off the smoke detector. What are some natural ways to clean the oven? There's probably some major scrubbing in my future. :)
Is there an alternative and less toxic way to clean an oven than using oven spray? If you have a self cleaning oven you can use that cycle. It heats the oven up to a very high temperature (600-700 degrees I believe) for about 5 hours which basically burns away anything that's caked on the inside.
Is it possible to patch a crack in a toilet? We have a medicine cabinet placed above the toilet. Not the best place but not a lot of choice. Anyway, while fumbling for some Sudafed in the dark, I managed to knock a cough mixture bottle out of the cabinet. CRACK Takes a chunk about three inches long one wide out of the rim of the bowl, and I think caused a crack down the side as well. EDIT: definite cracks on the outside, can feel a slightly raised edge. So, I know we need a new toilet but it will be awhile till we can sort one. Is there anything I can patch it with in the meantime. As it's the only toilet in the house. EDIT: One thought was to duct tape the side,would hope that could a least hold it together for a little while.
Is it possible to patch a crack in a toilet? Create a mixture of water, vinegar and a spash of lemon juice (for smell only) in a spray bottle. Spray the mixture on the dirty surfaces in the oven.- Sprinkle baking soda over the mixture. Begin scrubbing these areas with a very fine steel wool until the areas are clean. Wipe out the oven with a dry towel. Wet a sponge and go over the areas again to get all the remaining vinegar and baking soda out of the oven. You might try asking this question on the cooking stackexchange as well, as I'm sure they would have some good answers.
Is it possible to patch a crack in a toilet? I used a product called Bar Keepers Friend on mine. All I needed to do was scrub.
Is it possible to patch a crack in a toilet? I'd try a marine grade epoxy (loctite makes such a product) to just seal the crack for a short time. If you still have the chunk that was broken off the marine grade epoxy should work but it's probably not going to look pretty. I've used it before and it mixes up to a rather ugly dark gray/black color and dries the same, but if you can live with the color difference it is VERY strong and waterproof. I used it to seal a leaky PVC pipe for a number of days until I had the time to fix it properly and not a drop of water came out. EDIT: Found a link to the product here
Is it possible to patch a crack in a toilet? If it's only chipped, and not actually a crack forming, I'd think that you'd be able to just add a little bit of trim over the very edge. The glass doesn't tend to get too hot over on the sides, but there'd be a good chance of taking a hot pan, and it coming into contact, so you'd want something that could take heat (so not most plastics). It's possible that they'd sell it at home improvement type stores ... I hate that little gap between my stove and my counter, as something always falls in there and you have to go fish it out. If it's started cracking, I'd actually think about getting one of those glue & vaccuum kits they use for repairing car windshields, where you use a vacuum to try to force the glue into the crack, let it cure, and then scrape off any surface residue. I'm guessing they use CA glue (cyanoacrylate, aka "super glue"), but I don't know how thick -- the thicker ones have a longer cure time, but they won't penetrate as well due to capillary action. You'd want to check to make sure that it's a CA mix that's rated for use on glass. (pure CAs don't stick well to glass)
Is it possible to patch a crack in a toilet? Simple Green often works. Spray it on full strength and let it sit for 5-10 minutes, then scrub. Repeat as necessary.
Should I use thread-seal tape for steam pipe? I am getting ready to replace the pressuretrol of my oil-burning steam boiler, which provides heat and hot water. Should I use thread-seal tape (aka. Teflon tape, PTFE tape, tape dope, or plumber's tape) when attaching the new pressuretrol? If so, should I use the same kind of tape that I use for water pipes, or is there a special kind for use with steam pipes? (The pressuretrol datasheet describes the connector as “1/4 inch female pipe thread.” I presume that is a synonym for national pipe thread taperered thread (NPT), so the threads themselves are providing the seal, and there is no gasket.)
How do I run new water lines from the basement to the second floor through a finished wall? I am redoing an upstairs bathroom that has galvanized steel pipes currently running to it for water supply that run straight up from the basement. I am debating between using PEX or copper for the new supply lines. From what I have researched, if i use PEX, it will slap against the wall of the 1st floor since i cannot attach braces inside the finished wall without removing drywall. Is this true? Also, if I do use copper, what size is recommended for a bathroom: 1/2" or 3/4"? What type of braces does copper need to support it? I am planning on bracing it in the basement and at the 2nd floor where it enters.
How do I run new water lines from the basement to the second floor through a finished wall? My favorite pipe thread sealer is RectorSeal #5. Here's a link. I see according to its datasheet that its rated for steam pipes. You might have to let it dry a little while before pressuring, but after that its good for 2600 psi.
How do I run new water lines from the basement to the second floor through a finished wall? It really depends on what you want to plant, but generally you do not want to have anything but grass or something that has shallow roots and does not block out the sun. Your leech field works in two ways, one is the water leeches through the soil, but the other way that it works is evaporation. Evaporation accounts from 30 to 70% of what goes in your leech field, depending on how it is designed. So I would avoid putting to much around it or over it. Trees will love the water, but eventually clog up your field. The worst, ficus trees, they should be called ficus weeds.
Why is my refrigerator so loud? Can I fix this? I live in a small NYC apartment and my refrigerator is close to the bedroom. When it kicks on, it's makes a loud thunk/click, and can be enough to wake me up. (While running it's pretty quiet.) I think it's the fan in the freezer. The maintenance folks have replaced it once or twice, but it seems not to change. Anything I can do? (FWIW, it's Whirlpool.)
Why is my refrigerator so loud? Can I fix this? Here's an outside the box idea (which assumes that your main problem is that it wakes you up): Get one of those timer plugs like they have for holiday lights and let it "unplug" your fridge while you sleep. You'll need a beefy one to handle the compressor spike when it kicks on (check the ratings on the timer plugs and compare it to the max rating of your fridge). Since the fridge door won't be opened, your food should be fine, though I'd test it the first night to be sure with a fridge thermometer. If your fridge is still cold in the morning, you might have a solution!
Cable Signal Testers I'm looking for tools that can help me test the signal coming into my house from my cable provider. I am currently having issues with a Leviton CATV Relay which I'll replace, but I've been having issues with the cable modem since I took it offline. I now realized, after reading the manual on Leviton's site, that the relay is actually a two way amplifier, which I presume could have previously been affecting the signal coming into the modem, and the modem was probably calibrated to handle it as it was. Anyway, that's neither here nor there, I'm hoping once the relay is replaced it will normalize the modem, but I still would like to know what tools I can get to test the stability of the signals coming in (or being relayed out).
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? In about 2 weeks I'm doing a little cathartic destruction of a deck on the back of my house. The deck came with the house and has suffered YEARS of neglect, it's beyond repair, built incorrectly, and looks awful so OUT it goes !! My problem is: Whoever built the deck bolted a 2x6 into the siding of the house to act as a joist for the floorboards. When I remove the 2x6 I'll have a few bolt sized holes in my siding. Winter is fast approaching and the last thing I need is snow getting into the holes, melting, refreezing and causing untold havoc on the interior. My question is: What is the best way to fill in the holes in the Aluminum siding? I don't have any spare siding laying around so I can't replace the damaged pieces so I need to plug them somehow.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? Do you have (or can you acquire) any pieces of aluminium or other non ferrous metal at all? If so you could cut small squares that will fit over the holes, screw them over the hole using self tapping screws and seal round the edges of the patch. Painting would give it an extra layer of protection. It might not look particularly pretty, but will do the job until you are able to replace the affected pieces. Alternatively, some sort of mastic filler might work, but you'd have to check it adhered to aluminium otherwise it would just fall out. However, I think this would look worse than a patch.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? Copper pipe should be self supporting for the height of a room as long as you clip it as close to the floor/ceiling as possible, but if you've got particularly high rooms or high pressure you still might get some banging. There are various types of pipe clip you can get, some screw into the wall others nail, you just need a suitable anchor point. 1/2" (15mm) pipe should be adequate for most purposes, but I'd go with the size closest to the current pipes. Bath taps (in the UK at least) usually have larger diameter (3/4") to basin taps (1/2"), so you might want to use 3/4" (22mm) pipe if you've got a large bath.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? If your going to go with copper I would run a 3/4" trunk line up the wall, and then drop down to 1/2" to the fixtures. As for bracing the pipe you could use pipe clamps like this or this Just make sure the clamps are copper, if you mix metals you could risk corrosion and eventual leaks. You'll want to clamp the pipe as close as you can to where it enters and exits the first floor wall, though you may still get banging in the wall where there are no fasteners. As much as you may want to avoid it, it might be better to open up the wall on the first floor and clamp which ever type of pipe you decide to use properly. It might be a headache now, but just imagine the headache when every time somebody flushes you hear the pipes bang (especially at 3 AM in your bedroom wall).
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? You can use your cable modem itself as the tool. Do a search for "[your modem manufacturer] cable modem diagnostics" and you'll find out how to access the modem's diagnostic page in a web browser. This will give you upstream & downstream signal levels and lots of other useful info. Here's a page with some information about a few different manufacturers.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? I'm repairing my asphalt driveway currently. I have lots of cracks that grow weeds through. I tried to get it sealed with liquid sealant, but within a couple of months it was clear that this didn't work, because many new weeds have grown through the sealant. I think the workers who did the sealing did a really poor job, and I regret hiring them. Since then, I've read several DIY articles about it and I've started fixing the cracks myself. Here's what I'm doing: Clean driveway. I used a stiff broom, and even my shop-vac right over the cracks. Clear out the cracks. Remove weeds, dirt, debris. Scrape the crack out with a prybar. Clean again with a garden hose on "jet" setting. Let dry. Fill the cracks with asphalt filler. This comes in tubes like caulk, and I use a caulking gun to apply it. I use a cheap putty knife to smooth the top of the caulk. It's messy stuff, and I need to clean my tools with a powerful solvent. I use Gunk, an engine de-greaser. Once I have all the cracks repaired with caulk, I plan to re-seal the driveway again with liquid sealant. I agree with @Scott Vercuski, wear clothes you plan to throw out. I saw the workers using a pushbroom to spread the liquid, so I recommend getting a pushbroom you plan to use only for this project. I also have a couple of spots where a crack has let water seep in and erode a cavity beneath the asphalt. I'm going to have to chip out a section of asphalt with a hammer and chisel and restore it with with asphalt patch. This might be what you have to do with your low spot.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? Repair the cracks. If water gets in, you will not stop it from causing more cracks from freeze/thaw cycles. Next, use a better quality sealer. Messy stuff, but it will help. The problem with a low spot is something you cannot solve with a sealer or crack filler though. A low spot may mean that cars parked on the driveway have caused settling. (It seems silly to say that parking your car on your driveway is a bad thing, but what else can I say? If you really want a perfect driveway, don't use it.) Dips where your tires sit suggest that the base for the driveway was not sufficiently thick, or inadequately compacted, and over the years has sagged. If this is so, then water will continue to collect in the dips, and cause future problems until you choose to have a new driveway done.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? It doesn't sound like your case, but ensure the unit is level. If it is out of level, leaning components can make some sounds louder...
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? I'm afraid any stand alone meters are going to be pricey. There are two types to measure RF signal level. One that you set on a frequency and read the power level at that frequency. The other is called a spectrum analyzer and shows a waveform of the power level across a range of requencies. That is what is really needed to see whats going on. I'd try to get by with cable modem as suggested above.
What is the best way to fill in the holes in aluminum siding? I have the same thing on my driveway. A good power washer can remove the stains. Once cleaned, use a concrete sealer to seal the pavers and that should take care of it.
Can I use an 8" dado blade set in a 10" table saw? I have a 10" table saw... this is probably a stupid question, but can I use an 8" dado blade set in this saw? Is one only supposed to use 10" blades in a 10-inch saw? I read on some contractor's blog that one should only use saw blades that are within the range of blade sizes acceptable for a particular table saw (per that saw's documentation)... but for the life of me I wasn't able to find mention of the range of allowable blade sizes for this saw last night in reading the manual.
Can I use an 8" dado blade set in a 10" table saw? For what it's worth I've used a 6" stacked dado set in my small 10" saw for years without any issues. My understanding is that dado blades should always be smaller than the saw's rated blade size due to the increased load of cutting a wide dado over just cutting a saw kerf width. The smaller diameter means your saw will be able to exert more force on the teeth than it would with a larger diameter blade. Are you sure the blog you saw wasn't referring to not using blades that are larger than the saw's rated size? I could see issues with that but I'm not sure what the problem might be with using a smaller blade.
Can I use an 8" dado blade set in a 10" table saw? There is NO problem with using an 8 inch dado blade on a 10 inch saw. In fact, it is quite common to do so. I use an 8 inch stack on my Delta contractor's saw with no problems, and before that, I used an 8 inch wobble dado. You certainly would not want to use a 12 inch blade on a 10 inch saw, as that large of a blade might have clearance problems as it is adjusted. Use of a larger blade also causes somewhat larger tip speeds, so that might potentially cause problems. (Unlikely, but possible, since the differential in tip speed would be only 20%.) Perhaps these issues are what the author meant when they made that statement. In going to a smaller blade diameter though, the only question is whether that blade will be able to reach the surface of your table. On an 8 inch blade there is no problem.
Can I use an 8" dado blade set in a 10" table saw? Are you sure there is no exemption for non-permanent structures so you can avoid the inspection, etc. Many places have exemptions for 100 square feet or smaller. Really it depends if you are going to do other things in the shed, but if it were me I would just do the sonotube things. 42" is a long way though. You must be way up north.
Anyone heard of painting asbestos insulation tubes? We recently had an old furnace inspected and the heating specialist mentioned that he suspected that the heating ducts had asbestos. He suggested painting them as an alternative to expensive removal costs. I'm skeptical. Has anyone heard of this before? If so, what paint would be useful for this type of application? -M
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? We recently had our septic system inspected and were informed that the tanks themselves were shot and would need to be replaced. I'm in the process of getting estimates but in the meantime, I was wondering if someone could describe the procedure and ballpark costs. I assume we're talking about several thousands of dollars. Additional Information: House is located in Aptos, CA House is located on a mostly flat lot (9000 sq ft) and is elevated up from street. Front-yard is small and that's where the current septic tank is located. House is 48 years old Existing septic tank is concrete and 2250 gallons (according to inspections). Still waiting to complete details in report.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? I have to say that I have had two good ones. The first was with the wiring of all of my Cable TV Drops, after searching for almost an hour the tech finally found that 6 of my 8 cable drops were controlled by a pair of splitters, hidden behind a blank wall plate in my MASTER BEDROOM closet. No labeling, it was a total nightmare to straighten out, finally ended up paying a contractor to centralize and label everything for future use. In a previous house the previous owner finished the basement, but thought that 2X4"s were over rrated, so they finished the entire thing with 1X2"s with no vapor barriers, it was a VERY bad situation. To run wiring they simply ran the wire behind the 1X2 studs
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? Yes. I have heard of that. I believe the main issue with asbestos is when it becomes dust and floats in the air and is inhaled into the lungs. Painting over that seals it in and prevents that from happening. It probably should be repainted whenever it starts to show wear. You will probably need to use a government certified painter who will use special equipment to prevent the process from filling the air with particulates. (You'll have to check with your local government agency for exact requirements.) Asbestos is a very regulated substance. The EPA's website has an Asbestos Page that covers the topic from a concerned homeowner's point of view with links and advice: How To Manage An Asbestos Problem If the asbestos material is in good shape and will not be disturbed, do nothing! If it is a problem, there are two types of corrections: repair and removal. Repair usually involves either sealing or covering asbestos material. Sealing (encapsulation) involves treating the material with a sealant that either binds the asbestos fibers together or coats the material so fibers are not released. Pipe, furnace and boiler insulation can sometimes be repaired this way. This should be done only by a professional trained to handle asbestos safely. Covering (enclosure) involves placing something over or around the material that contains asbestos to prevent release of fibers. Exposed insulated piping may be covered with a protective wrap or jacket. With any type of repair, the asbestos remains in place. Repair is usually cheaper than removal, but it may make later removal of asbestos, if necessary, more difficult and costly. Repairs can either be major or minor. That page includes a section on "Asbestos Professionals: Who Are They and What Can They Do?". Also, farther down the page, under the heading "If You Hire A Corrective-Action Contractor" (I'm assuming your painting contractor would fall under this heading.): Contact your state and local health departments, EPA regional office, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration regional office to find out what the regulations are. Be sure the contractor follows local asbestos removal and disposal laws. At the end of the job, get written assurance from the contractor that all procedures have been followed. You should put removal of that onto your "someday list" because that will come up as a negative if you ever want to sell your house.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? I have heard of this as an option, and even the EPA recommends it as a remediation process, BUT only if completed by a licensed contractor.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? The liquid aeration didn't appear to do much. Part of it is the moderate drought my area of the country is in. I am going to have the lawn mechanically aerated in a couple of weeks, so the experiment is over.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? I found some rough estimates at costhelper.com Installing/replacing a conventional septic system (including the tank) averages $2,000 -$5,000 in the Midwest, but can be $4,000 -$12,000 or more in areas where materials and labor rates are higher. Enhanced, engineered or alternative septic systems that use mounds, sand/peat filters, aerobic systems and/or constructed wetlands can cost $10,000 -$20,000 or more, according to the Rhode Island Regional Water Quality Program. These alternative septic systems work better than the conventional approach for sites with high groundwater or slowly/rapidly percolating soil, or near drinking water supplies, wetlands, coastal ponds or other water resources. The cost of a septic tank alone runs about $500 -$1,800 depending on size (ranging from 300-1,000 gallons) and type. Piping and other needed items adds another $100 -$200 to the total cost of materials.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? My basement was installed backwards (seriously). It's a split level house and the opening to the garage was supposed to be in the back of the house. This is because the ground slopes down from the road to the house in the front. I'm told by my neighbor (who was here when the house was built) that the contractor accidentally poured the concrete for the basement 180 degrees backward. This put the opening to the garage on the front of the house, and since the ground slopes down to it, my garage floods every time it rains.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? When I was a kid, my parents bought a 1936 Dutch Colonial home from an antisocial, reclusive, retired guy. Wall-to-wall forest green carpet and matching green velvet drapes made the interior as dark as a tomb, and outside the windows a line of pine trees and yew trees blocked all natural light. The guy owned two huge dogs, and every carpet and drapery reeked of... pet stains. As soon as you entered the house, you'd be bowled over by the smell. Our first task after moving in was to tear out all the carpet and drapes. We found that the oak hardwood floors underneath literally had water damage from the years of letting the dogs urinate inside the house. We had to have the floors throughout the whole house refinished. We also found scores of empty bottles of scotch stashed away inside the walls and floors in the basement.
About how much would replacing a septic tank cost me? Cheap cork tiles ...over every inch of the walls and roof ...of the toilet. And various old dildos in the roof, under the fence, etc, etc. (We replaced the kitchen, bathroom, floors and some drywall. Then we repainted all the interior walls and ceilings)
How do I make a height adjustable desk? Has anyone made their own height adjustable desk? I'm interested in making a computer desk that can easily be adjusted for either standing or sitting. The lift mechanism could be electric or mechanical, as long as it is not too hard or time-consuming to adjust. (There are commercial options around, but they start at $700 for the cheapest of the cheap. I'm sure I could make something myself for less that would better suit my needs.) Update: Just to answer some of the questions in the comments. The desk would be supporting two 22" LCD monitors, a laptop, paper and anything I leave lying around the house long enough for her to throw on my desk. :-) I do have access to some welding expertise. Also, I live in Australia so importing from many of the places suggested would be impractical.
How do I make a height adjustable desk? I think the biggest thing with the "push button" legs would be the ease of the ability to raise/lower the legs evenly when there's a load on them. The "push button" legs might be a bit tough, I.E. you push the button in and the leg shoots down because it's now free and there's a load on it and it pinches your finger or snaps down to the next level, not to mention you'd be raising one leg at a time and you'd have the added trouble of the load on the desk potentially being on a slope for a bit while you adjust the other legs. Hydraulics with a locking mechanism (similar to a car hoist) would be a nice choice but you'll probably pay through the teeth for something like that and I'm not sure if they make something like that in a smaller size.
How do I make a height adjustable desk? This is just my opinion, but I think you might be hard pressed to build one cheaper than you can buy one. If you're just looking for a project, it might be a challenging one. But if you're looking to save money building your own, I don't think you will. If you own your own fabrication shop and have lots of scrap to use then this might be an interesting build, but for the average DIYer I would say it's cheaper to buy then to build in this case. If I was going to build one I would probably use a Scissor Jack for inspiration. Another idea would be to use electric Linear Actuators and a telescoping tube system in the legs to lift the top. You could potentially use the pistons from some old office chairs, but you would have to make sure the desk top had enough weight to compress them (otherwise you would have to lean on the desk to make it go down). You would also have to physically lift the top to the desired height, which depending on the weight could potentially be a problem. You may also run into trouble engaging the lift/lower mechanism of all the pistons simultaneously. I came across this product which in itself would not be a solution, but the mechanism for lifting it could potentially be adapted to suit your needs.
How do I make a height adjustable desk? My current 1927 bungalow is chock full of atrocities. They really, really, loved telephones. There were 3 large telephone lines running to the house, tons of bundled up cable all over the side yard and in the attic, and phone jacks in every room of the house, including the bathrooms and dining room. They even had a phone line running out to the detached garage by the pool, and there was a phone jack inside the garage, as well as outside the garage for the "pool phone". Not necessarily a nightmare, but definitely a pain in the you-know-what when remodeling. They also decided to destroy the bathroom tile floor and fill it with concrete then cover with ugly pink-purple tile, without fixing the termite-eaten and rotten subfloor, so tiles were loose and cracking when I went in to re-tile, had to completely remove the floor (I was standing on the ground below the crawl space between floor joists), and rebuild the joists, subfloor, and floor. The toilet drain was loose, so wastewater had been seeping into the plywood subfloor for years, such that when I got around to replacing it, merely lightly touching the subfloor caused it to crumble. I'm amazed no one fell through the floor while on the john! And, of course, the usual stories of bad wiring, poor plumbing, and doing things on the cheap.
How do I make a height adjustable desk? I bet you could eliminate a lot of the engineering and fabrication work in making something like this by making a desk that has only two positions, standing and sitting, vs. trying to make one that's continuously adjustable anywhere between its highest and lowest setting. I'm thinking of something using a four-bar linkage on each end of the desk to keep the work surface flat while you move it from one position to the other, with pins to keep it secured in either position. You'd also want to incorporate some form of torque member to make sure the two linkages rotate together, to eliminate the need to always lift in the left-to-right center of the desk. Something like a closet rod might work for this. If you wanted, you could adjust your linkage geometry so that in the standing position the surface had a slight tilt, but was flat in the sitting position. Of course you'd be limited in how much stuff you could put on the desk because you'd be moving it by hand and not by electricity. You could use a counterweight in your linkage to offset some of the weight.
How do I make a height adjustable desk? I don't even know where to start. My home (a log cabin built by the previous owner) is a veritable shop of horrors. Some of the highlights. 1) One day I was leaning into a door by holding on to the piece of trim above the doorway. It came right off in my hand. It wasn't nailed or glued into place, just balanced on the vertical pieces of trim on the sides of the door. 2) The light switch boxes were apparently installed as a result of very little planning. They are too close to the door opening so that a notch is cut out of the trim around the door to accommodate putting the switch plate covers on them. 3) Many of the electrical circuits aren't grounded. It's not that there isn't a ground wire, it just isn't attached to the outlets/switches in the circuit. For some reason they are just cut off as they enter each box. 4) Scariest one - There was an ungrounded and obviously no GFI circuit than ran right next to an above ground pool. If the wall of that pool had leaked or collapsed that would have been an electro-fest. 5) Rigid Satillo tile installed right over the junction of two foundations (that weren't tied together). I'm sure you can guess why I know EXACTLY where those foundations meet. 6) A wire running along the outside of the wall and joined with electrical tape (no box) mid circuit. I didn't notice it until the water heater (right next to this) started leaking right onto that splice. Very scary. 7) The heat pump is installed in a small closet just so that to replace the filter I have to twist it considerably to fit it through the opening, usually mangling it. 8) Tons of trees planted way too close to each other in the yard. Now they are large mature trees that look like they are wrestling. 8) The plumbing in my well-house is unnecessarily haphhazzard. It is a made of stepping over and ducking under pipes just to get to the water softener, which I have to do carrying 40lb bags of salt. 9) The drain for the tub (clawfoot) is set right in the middle of where the tub goes instead of at the end where it belongs. It took some creative plumbing to make that work. The first plumber I called needed to escalate it to a more experienced guy from his company. 10) The electrical line from the main breaker to a workshop in the yard was strung across the yard like a clothesline. Had to be careful not to choke myself on it when mowing. I've fixed several of these and continue to do so as my budget permits. UPDATE: I forgot to mention that the previous owner was such a cheapskate he would regularly underpay people who came out to my house to do work or intentionally nitpick their work in an effort to negotiate them down AFTER they finished the job. Several repair guys I've called had to be convinced I there was a new owner before they would come out.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? I would like to install a new hose bib on the exterior wall of my house, to be accessed on the deck. Currently, there is a hose bib on the lower level (underneath the deck) straight down from where I would like to put this new one. Is there a risk of a pipe this length freezing in the winter, if it is in the middle of the insulated exterior wall? Should I use extra pipe insulation to prevent it from freezing, or with it being in a wall with insulation be enough? I'm in Virginia, so it doesnt get that cold, but it does freeze.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? Are you able to turn off the water supply to the lower faucet? And is this what you would normally do in cold weather? If so, you could turn off the water, open both faucets and the water in the pipe would drain out the lower faucet. You would be in exactly the same position as you were before in terms of freezing.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? A popular form of compost that is easy to apply is alfalfa compost. It comes in pellets that you can spread with any typical lawn spreader for fertilizer. Avoid using commercial fertilizers as they become like drugs for your lawn - the lawn will not grow without the fertilizer. Build up the lawn with compost, mulched leaves in the fall and mulched clippings. You may have to add some topsoil back into your lawn, but keep in mind that sellers are allowed to sell topsoil full of weed seeds. If you add some topsoil to your lawn, the next year you may find your lawn is full of weeds!
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? Geekdesk.com does sell just the frame of their desk, which knocks a good bit off the price AND the shipping, possibly making that a good starting point for such a project. ergodepot.com does the same (with many more frame styles), but they are more expensive.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? Been thinking about this all day and I came up with two ideas, both less than desk-like to keep the costs down. Simple tabletop mounted to rails on the wall. Lots of options for mechanical lift (scissor jack was my first idea, but I'd probably play with something hydraulic for fun). The rails would work like they do on a shelving system. You'd have to keep all the weight on the back edge though, probably not safe-enough for my house. If you're mostly doing computer stuff, mount a monitor to the wall on an arm and use an adjustable keyboard tray on a normal desk. I'm also thinking you could DIY the keyboard tray as a small-scale project before moving up.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? Use a frost-proof sillcock. It will shut off the water 12 inches into the wall (which is probably on the inside of the wall for you), and the water on the outside of the shutoff will drain as long as there is no hose attached.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? Admittedly, I haven't done it before but I came across instructions awhile ago (courtesy of eHow and Google). Maybe they'll be helpful. http://www.videojug.com/film/how-to-fix-a-broken-tub-trip-lever http://www.ehow.com/how_3391064_replace-triplever-bathtub-drain.html -M
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? EMT (electrical metal tubing) is your best bet for outdoor cabling and it is also designed to be pliable for directional installation. You can buy a pipe bender that will allow you to angle it in any direction to make creating your path easy. EMT is what I've used in office buildings, retail stores and central offices and various other environments for running many types of cables in. EMT is strong for concrete and since it is designed for electrical, it is fairly waterproof, but there are other options like liquid-tight, that you can use along some portions that are completely waterproof.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? I love Japanese saws. They cut on the pull stroke and leaves a very narrow kerf (the channel that it cuts). I find that it cuts through wood a lot easier. Cutting on the pull stroke means that the blade won't bend. For saws that cut on the push stroke (most western saws), the blade might bend as you push. I have this all purpose one, Japanese Modern Ryoba Saw, at home. One side is for ripping (cutting to a certain width) the other is for cross cutting (cutting to a certain length)
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? You'll definitely need a torpedo level. I don't have a lot of storage space, so I just have one of these torpedo levels.
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter? A straight edge is really important. I actually have a 48" long aluminum ruler/straight edge that has a significant depth. It's great for drawing long lines and I sometimes use it as a guide for a circular saw or router.
Glass rod joining/welding: temperature instead of glueing? I have some glass things to fix ("decorative kitchen stuff to play with"). The broken part is a rod, about 8mm diameter, made of some colored glass. I thought of using nichrome wire, but seems that it can't hot enough to melt the glass. Should I try to connect the broken things with the butane torch lighter? Some ideas: make it look ugly, and ugly-repaired. Do not let parts disconnect again at their own will. No dynamic forces would be applied. ...forget about it. build RepRap and reproduce the thing. profit.
Glass rod joining/welding: temperature instead of glueing? I doubt this will work. For starters, from what I can see online, depending on what is in it, glass melts somewhere between 2700 and 4200 degrees F (1500-2300 °C). Butane burns at a temperature of 788°F (420°C). You also mentioned nichrome wire - but this too simply will not generate sufficient heat. Nichrome itself melts at 2552°F (1400°C), so it would not be able to transfer sufficient heat to glass without itself melting. Even if you could heat glass up enough to melt it, thermal stresses can be significant. So you may find that the glass shatters if you did heat it sufficiently. Those craftspeople who do work with glass also have torches and furnaces that are capable of significantly more heat than you can get from any simply source that a handyman can provide. Just use glue, perhaps a decent two part epoxy to join these pieces together.
Exterior lighting: Is a round waterproof lampholder ACTUALLY compatible with a rectangular housing? I happened to be at Home Depot for something else, so I didn't get a good look at our exterior floodlights that need to be replaced (they're about 13 years old and don't work anymore). So I picked up two of these, just to have 'em in case they were a good fit: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00002N5FF/ref=asc_df_B00002N5FF1260862?smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER&tag=pg-894-10-20&linkCode=asn&creative=395093&creativeASIN=B00002N5FF But when I came home I saw that the boxes on my house are rectangular and not round like the lights I bought. I was planning to just exchange them for the right kind, but then I noticed that in the description on that Amazon listing, it says they work for round OR rectangular waterproof housings! So... what gives? Can I actually expect to mount the round lights on the rectangular hole and have 'em work? Seems too good to be true.
How do I make a manhole? I have a 100+ year old house with wooden floors. At the moment, access to the subfloor is difficult, involving a long 25 meter crawl under the deck. I'd like to install a manhole in the floor. Is this difficult?
How do I make a manhole? There are several issues here to deal with that I see. First, you need to find an appropriate location for this aperture. It is best if the location is one that you can get to easily, but out of the way - since a hole in the floor might be unsightly or something to trip over. It also needs to be accessible from below to get in and out. I would suggest a back hallway or back bedroom as being good. Second, you need to worry about which joists are involved. Can you get through a hole between the joists in your house? If you needed to cut through a supporting beam, this can have very serious and negative consequences on the structure of your house. Do NOT do that without knowing what and where you are cutting, and providing the necessary support for anything that is cut. You will need to carefully mark out the cut lines. Careful measurements will be important. You may choose to make a tiny hole or two with a small drill bit to figure exactly where you will cut relative to any joists. Last, the actual work. Cutting through the floorboards, once they are carefully marked, requires no more than use of a handheld circular saw or a reciprocating saw. There are several other types of saw that could do such a cut on the market, rotory "zip" tools for example, even a hand held manual saw if your skills were adequate. If you needed to cut a beam, then you will need to provide new support points for that joist on either side of the cut that are FULLY capable of carrying the load. You may even need to reinforce the floor boards themselves as they were cut on either side too. To close it all up, take the flooring that you cut out, and create a door from the flooring itself that matches the hole you just cut out. Recognize that this will be a trip point, so do not put a big, bulky handle on it. A simple, low piece of moulding around the perimeter may be sufficient to hide the cuts and support the "door". Even that is a trip point, so be careful here. All in all, this MAY be something that is best given to a reputable contractor to solve for you if you don't know how to solve the problems that will arise. The cost would depend upon whether you can find a location that does not require the cutting of any beams.
Testing a transformer I have a Comfort home control system. This takes 15V AC via a transformer (from 240V). It's been working for years, but last week the fuse blew. It's a 250mA fuse on the mains side of the transformer. With power off I checked the impedance on the 240V side of the transformer and it shows about 80 Ohms. Is that too low? By my reckoning that would mean 3A, which would blow the fuse. I'm guessing that insulation in the windings could have broken down and caused a short. Does this sound reasonable or am I misunderstanding how the transformer works?
Do I need to put mortar between wood and backerboard on a mixed wood/tile floor? We have a hardwood insert on our kitchen floor and we will be surrounding it with slate tile. Also the room next to the kitchen is all hardwood floor. Our heights are correct for the tile (with the backboard installed) but i'm curious as do I put down thin-set mortar between the backerboard and wood and then grout between the tile and wood as well? It seems like I should but I haven't found much information on tile/wood combinations. edit: picture! +++ #### wood and tile +++ ---- wood and backerboard ======== sub-floor So to clarify, do I need to put mortar between the wood and backerboard?
How do I clean an AC condensate pan? I have a Ducane HVAC system that started leaking out of the evaporator coil housing. Mine looks like the EU1P. I read that i need to clean out the drip pan. II tried cleaning it by sucking out the buildup with a wet/dry vac and flushing it with bleach solution but it's still leaking out of the back side that I can't get to. I've heard of people hosing it out, but that seems like it might make a mess and get things wet that maybe shouldn't be. I've also heard of people blowing it with compressed air but i thought that might just blow the stuff around only for it to clog up the system again. What should i do to get this thing to stop leaking?
What are the pros and cons of steel vs. aluminum metal roofing? I'm considering a new roof for my suburban home. The home is about fourteen years old and the shingles are in so-so shape. We have had two leaks already and I've been told that means it is a good time to consider replacing the roof. Rather than replace with another traditional shingle roof, I'm considering going with a metal roof. I've seen a couple in the neighborhood and they look nice, and I hear a metal roof will last a lot longer. Aluminum and steel appear to be the two major products when it comes to metal roofing for residential homes. I'm not sure whether I should be considering aluminum, or steel. What are the pros and cons of steel vs. aluminum metal roofing? That is, what advantages and disadvantages does steel roofing have compared to aluminum roofing, and vice-versa? If I go for one or the other type, what should I be looking out for and what should I be avoiding?
What are the pros and cons of steel vs. aluminum metal roofing? Not directly answering your question - but as you're replacing shingles with metal you'll need to make sure you insulate the roof well. Otherwise it could get very hot in summer and cold in winter.
What are the pros and cons of steel vs. aluminum metal roofing? The product description on Amazon is pulled directly from the manufacturer's data sheet (the link is an excerpt from a catalog, scroll down two pages for the light fixtures you bought), so I think you can trust it. Another assurance that you'll be OK: I see from that catalog that the base of the light fixture is 4 1/8" in diameter, which is the same as the outside dimension of the diagonal of a single gang box (at least the one I picked out of my big box of electrical goodies :). When you open the packaging, you should see a rectangular pattern in the molding on the back where the electrical box will be mounted.
What are the pros and cons of steel vs. aluminum metal roofing? Your understanding of transformers is a bit off, but the root cause may be as you suspected... A transformer (usually) consists of two coils of wire, a primary and a secondary, wrapped around a ferromagnetic core. An AC voltage applied to one coil creates a changing magnetic field in the core, which induces another AC voltage in the other coil. The ratio of the primary voltage to the secondary voltage is determined by the ratio of the number of turns in each coil (the turns ratio). When AC is applied, the impedance across the primary coil is that of the load circuit multiplied by the square of the turns ratio. An ohmmeter applies a known DC voltage to the circuit being tested and measures the current flowing into the circuit. Because it's DC, the magnetic field in the core doesn't change, so there's no voltage induced in the secondary coil. What you are measuring is simply the resistance of the primary coil, which should be low. Barring some unusual circumstance like an electrical storm causing a surge or a teenage son turning everything up to 11, you probably have a problem somewhere in your system. I think I would call in the service people at this point (I'm not familiar with your system, so don't know if it can be serviced by end-users), but if you're up to troubleshooting, and if you can disconnect or turn off everything on the secondary side of the transformer, you could try replacing the fuse and re-applying power. If the fuse blows again, you know it's the transformer at fault. If not, reconnect or turn on devices one-by-one until the problem manifests again.
What are the pros and cons of steel vs. aluminum metal roofing? If you want to make a non-traditional desk you could have four posts fashioned together into a frame that goes high in the air. You could then "hang" the desk using an easily adjustable pulley system to raise or lower the desk. The surface could then be on a track system to keep it secure. There would be plenty of caveats but something like this could work if you put enough thought into the design.
What happens when a vapor barrier is too close to the cold side? The vapour barrier must be installed on the warm side of the wall, that is on this interior side of the house. It is permissible to have it sandwiched in the middle between two layers of insulation, but only if the cold side insulating layer is at least two thirds thicker than the warm (source). My question is what happens, exactly, if the barrier is actually on the colder side? e.g. two-thirds warm insulation, barrier, one third cold insulation? This is in a very cold climate (-40 in winter not unusual). And what can be done to mitigate this situation?
What happens when a vapor barrier is too close to the cold side? Water could condense on the inside of the vapor barrier, which is what you don't want to happen.
What happens when a vapor barrier is too close to the cold side? You put the vapor barrier on the inside of insulation to prevent cold air from getting near the vapor barrier. If warm, humid air is touching a cold surface, the water will condense out, just like you see on a glass of ice water on a hot, humid day. This condensation is a bad thing, since the presence of water over a long period of time will cause mold to grow. The moisture may reduce the effectiveness of your insulation. It may cause dry rot in your home. It may cause other problems, attracting bugs who like moist places. How can you fix this? Turning the insulation to lie in the proper orientation is clearly the best solution. I suppose one could put an additional layer of vapor barrier on the inside. That will stop the inside, moisture laden air from getting to that middle layer. The problem is, this will create a layer of insulation that does not breath. Any moisture in there will never escape, and you will have the same problems as I mentioned above. So this could potentially be a bad solution. Better seems to add more insulation to the outside, with NO vapor barrier on it. That will prevent the cold air from getting near the vapor barrier. It may not be possible, or even terribly easy. But this is why you try to do things the right way the first time.
What happens when a vapor barrier is too close to the cold side? The aluminum is probably more susceptible to denting, being a softer metal. Will you ever need to walk on the roof? Do you have overhanging trees that may drop branches in a storm? Even trees near your house can see branches go flying your way. Another question is the coating used. Since steel can rust, you don't want to worry about it. A high quality product would seem valuable there. Of course, you don't want to see paint flakes peeling off an aluminum roofing product either. Finally, make sure that you can deal with snow, although this is not a factor that depends on the material itself. Our neighbor has a metal roof. A few years ago, we had a large, heavy snow fall, and a huge mass of snow broke free to slide off the roof. As it was coming down, it tore off the gutters on their home, then completely flattened part of their porch. My guess is it was several thousand dollars worth of damage. Falling snow can also damage plantings near the house. There are tabs that can be placed on the roof surface to prevent this if you live in the snow belt.
What happens when a vapor barrier is too close to the cold side? What you want is a MAPP torch. Many plumbers use it instead of propane for sweating copper because its hotter flame temperature gets the copper up to temperature more quickly. I have this one and the trigger start is very handy. For glass work you'd want to come up with something to clamp the torch in place on your bench, leaving both hands free to work. Here's a torch that mounts straight to your table for glass work, along with lots of other related accessories.
What happens when a vapor barrier is too close to the cold side? I had the same issue recently on my HVAC as well. You probably have a PVC pipe running from the bottom of the evaporator coil housing. The blockage is probably in there somewhere. You can disconnect the PVC and let the condensate drain into a bucket. If it does drain cleanly into a bucket, your blockage is in that drain line. Either snake it out or replace it. For me, snaking a 3/4 inch PVC with several 90-degree bends was more difficult than buying a couple pieces and replacing the drain line with 45-degree bends that are less prone to becoming blocked. I filtered the condensate where my new drain discharges into my sump with a paper towel and was shocked how much debris was being flushed out.
Can you cap a chimney to reduce moisture and still use the chimney with a gas fire? Or does capping a chimney always remove the ability to use a fire ?
Can you cap a chimney to reduce moisture and still use the chimney with a gas fire? This really depends on location. Locally estimates are in the 50K-100K range to go from design to installation.
Can you cap a chimney to reduce moisture and still use the chimney with a gas fire? I'm pretty sure that you can get caps that allow you to still use a gas fire. Consult an expert though.
How can I measure water/moisture content within a wall cavity? Related to improper placement of a vapour barrier within wall insulation, are there any tools or methods for measuring water/moisture content within a wall cavity?
How can I measure water/moisture content within a wall cavity? You might be able to use a moisture meter like this one, but you'd probably have to push completely through the drywall into the wall cavity. I've never used a moisture meter but the writeup states the following: The mini-Ligno S/D gives instant, accurate moisture readings between 6-45%, indicated by a bright digital read out. Designed for inspectors, architects, contractors, painters and homeowners. This meter is a useful tool to measure moisture content in wood and soft building materials such as drywall, plaster and gypsum. Features include a green cap that serves as a handle for easy probe insertion and covers the pins during transportation. Longer pins stored inside the meter for measuring thicker material. To obtain readings the pins are pushed into the wood and the unique on-off switch between the pins turns the meter on. I'm not certain it would work if you pushed it all the way through the drywall into the cavity. You might want to see if a local tool rental place has one you can rent before you sink the money into one for a one time reading.
How can I measure water/moisture content within a wall cavity? Yes, you can, but definately consult an expert like ChrisF stated. I would start with a fireplace and chimney store. I once made a cap that covered the flat space on top of the chimney and then had a raised center with a roof and screen to keep out rain and birds.
What are my options to level out my air conditioner? The air conditioner on the side of my house is on a small slab of concrete. Over time, it has started to tilt as the land has settled. We just recently moved in and a few of the neighbors have givens us advice, almost all of which is different. What options do I have other than paying someone to remove the unit and re-lay a new foundation for it?
What are my options to level out my air conditioner? I've used a moisture meter to do roughly this. My meter is the pinless kind. Some years ago, we had a contractor who did a less than perfect job on a bathroom remodel. (Ok, they left behind leaks in something like six separate places.) With the meter, I was able to tell where water was a problem, and also know when we had finally gotten all the leaks repaired. I would not expect the actual meter reading to be highly accurate, since these meters are usually calibrated for wood. But the meter will indeed be able to tell the presence of moisture, and to differentiate between dry and wet. The problem is, these meters can only read to a certain depth, typically a half inch or so in wood. I'll look tomorrow to see, I might be able to test mine under similar conditions to see how deeply it can read. Edit: I tested my moisture meter. I have a 12+ year old Wagner L609, an inexpensive pin-less meter that works nicely for wood samples. It is not tremendously accurate, but it does show moisture differences well between samples. Newer models might read more deeply than did mine. The first test that I ran was to test a piece of 1/2 inch thick drywall, then move the flat of my hand up to it, until I saw a difference. By itself, the drywall reads at roughly 5-6%, my hand by itself reads off the top of the scale. When my hand approaches to within roughly 1/2inch, the meter sees a difference, jumping up by about 3-4%. It could also recognize the presence of my hand on the other side of a 3/4 inch thick telephone book. Of course, this is a poor test for what you are doing. Suppose that moisture collects on the inside of a vapor barrier inside the wall, separated by over an inch from the interior wall surface? Were this to happen, the air space between the two surfaces will be maintained at a high humidity. In turn, this will significantly raise the moisture content of the interior wall surface. I next did a test where I showed that drywall faced with a somewhat moister environment on one side would then easily register several percent high in moisture content. This last test convinces me that you can indeed check for elevated moisture content of a wall cavity using a non-invasive and inexpensive moisture meter.
How do I replace an old Roomba's battery? I've got an old iRobot Roomba "3100 Pro Elite" whose battery has died. A new Roomba is EUR 300 and upward, so I would prefer to revive the one I have. It's difficult (impossible?) to find replacement batteries in Austria (Europe), and they are so expensive that I haven't yet convinced myself the cost is worth it. But it would be nice to revive the Roomba as it is in decent working condition, mechanically, except for the cheap rubber treads that I have glued back on. Do you have suggestions for where to get a replacement battery for this specific Roomba? Would it make sense to try this DIY approach, considering I've never tried soldering on batteries? I'd hate to have this thing explode in my living room. Where would I get batteries from? The page's discussion thread refers to a U.S. website.
How do I replace an old Roomba's battery? I would try getting a crow bar or 2x4 under the slab and seeing if you could lift it up enough to get some gravel underneath it to level it off. Although this could be difficult if the ground around the slab is soft. Step 4: Check concrete pad on which condenser rests to make sure it's level. Set carpenters' level front to back and side to side on top of unit. If pad has settled, lift pad with pry bar or piece of 2-by-4, then force gravel or rocks under concrete to level it. http://home.howstuffworks.com/how-to-maintain-an-air-conditioner2.htm
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? I had a concrete wall painted with white water-dispersion paint. Every here and there the old paint was chipped and dark gray bare concrete could be seen. I got a can of white water-dispersion paint and coloured it into light-green tone. The instructions on the paint say "prime the surface, then apply two layers of paint". That's what I did exactly. The wall looks great now except that the dark gray concrete can be seen through the paint layer (yes, not only the surface is not flat, but also dark gray concrete can be identified through two layers of paint) - looks like the paint doesn't block light that much. The parts of the wall where the old paint wasn't chipped look just great. How should I have prepared the wall so that those dark gray regions of concrete were not visible through new paint?
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? You might be able to use "Mudjacking", although this would require hiring a professional. Mudjacking is the process of pumping a water, dirt and cement mixture under a concrete slab in order to lift it. This mixture is called slurry. The exact ingredients vary from company to company, and from job to job. Mudjacking can be the solution to many homeowners’ concrete problems, including foundation settling, crumbling curbs and repairing falling sidewalks. It may also be called concrete leveling, pressure grouting or slabjacking. http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-mudjacking.htm
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? I would not bother to pay someone to do this. If the tilt is small, why bother anyway? I would do this the simple way. Pick a spot where you can insert a large crowbar/prybar underneath the edge of the slab, where you will wish to raise it. You may need to dig out a small amount of dirt there to get a firm grip. In front of that spot, place a piece of wood to use as a point of leverage. It will also prevent the bar from sinking into the ground when you lift. The slab plus the air conditioning unit will be moderately heavy, so expect to need a long prybar to lift it. A friend may be of help here to help you to lift, as well as place a few well placed stones to support the slab after you have raised it to level. One problem is the slab may crack if it is left without adequate support. To prevent this from happening, after you raise the slab to level, inject some expanding foam insulation into the void under your slab. This foam will expand to fill in that void, providing support for the slab. While you might think that simple foam would be unable to provide much support, remember that it dries to a stiff, hard consistency, and the load per square inch from that slab will not be massive.
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? My first recommendation would be to contact the maker of iRobot and see what they can do for you, I know that in the US we can get batteries from them easily. Now, if you wanted to go the route of building your own battery as it noted in the link you posted, it isn't "that" complicated. You can get yourself some much better detailed instructions on how to build the battery pack using instructions for "Radio Controlled Car Battery Pack" creation as they us the same Sub-C cells for the battery packs.
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? More coats of primer might have done the trick. Paints have different levels of coverage/opacity. If you wanted to even out the texture, that is harder; maybe some sort of skim coat over the entire wall, to unify it? Or pre-paint/joint compound/etc. over just the areas that were chipped. I don't know whether you can add additional layers over your existing paint; the can may give more info about overcoats.
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? Is the unit on legs? If so, the legs might be adjustable. One bit of caution, some units are actually supposed to be tilted slightly (<1 inch). This is to enable water and snow to drain out the side, versus pooling in the bottom. Unless your unit is really messed up, you should be able to shim under it.
How do I prepare concrete walls before applying water-dispersion paint? Ebay - that's where I got my replacement. It's NOT an iRobot manufactured battery pack (nor does it claim to be), but it works fine. I think it came from someone in Hong Kong, and the shipping wasn't bad at all - I don't know how shipping in your area would be. I looked at opening the pack up and replacing the cells, but I couldn't figure out how to get the thing open without damaging it.
How do I install a sink in a room that doesn't have a drain vent? I want to install a sink in my attached garage where there is no existing plumbing. I will be running new water supply and drain pipes to mains behind a nearby wall. I'm concerned I will need a drain vent to avoid a slow or gurgling drain. What is a good design to avoid plumbing problems once installed?
How do I install a sink in a room that doesn't have a drain vent? Yours is a not uncommon problem, so a solution does exist. For example, how might one vent a sink in an island in the center of a kitchen? I looked online, and it seems there are two common solutions. You can use what is called a vacuum breaker, which lets air into the line to prevent slow/gurgly drain problems without allowing sewer gases into the area. The second option is an island loop vent. Both are described clearly in this link: http://www.familyhandyman.com/DIY-Projects/Plumbing/Kitchen-Plumbing/how-to-plumb-an-island-sink
How do I install a sink in a room that doesn't have a drain vent? There is a vent that can be mounted to a pipe going about half way up a wall. In my basement, I have one on the backside of a wall (on an unfinished side). It has a check valve to prevent smells from the sewer pipes from getting into the room. You could put it in a box on the wall of your garage and cover it if desired with something that looks like a cabinet.
How do I install a sink in a room that doesn't have a drain vent? Mike B.'s answer is correct. But also, you might not need to replace it. After watching the first video in Mike B's answer, I took mine apart. The video showed a spiral spring. My spring was actually a bent piece of sheet metal (kind of like a U with a dimple in one side). It had simply become loose and needed to be put back in place.
What size dowels to use for joints? I'm comfortable with the process of creating and joining wood with dowels, but I'm not sure what size dowels to use in which cases? Specifically, I'm working with 1" thick stock (3/4" actual), what size should I use? What are the other sizes and lengths of dowels used for? Are there any recommended grouping or spacing for wood dowels?
What is the proper way to patch acoustic ceiling after collecting possible asbestos sample? I want to collect additional samples of an acoustic ceiling for the purpose of having it checked for asbestos. The previous test came back negative but I'm paranoid =) The procedure as per instructions on my prior collection kit was: Spray water (light soap/water mix) while collecting sample. Double bag the sample. What I'm confused on is: What are the best areas in the ceiling to take a sample? How large of a sample could I be collecting? The test is supposed to be able to detect 1% asbestos by volume. How do I patch/seal the area where I took the sample? Any thoughts? The ceiling is in great condition so far with no cracks or significant abrasions so I want to keep it that way (especially if there is asbestos). -M
What is the proper way to patch acoustic ceiling after collecting possible asbestos sample? The best work I know of on the topic was written by Tage Frid (see http://amazon.com). The approximate rule-of-thumb, iirc, is to use a dowel no more than 3/8 the thickness of the wood to be joined (and not less than 1/4 the thickness). Expansion For example, if you are joining 5/4 boards (finished thickness 1"), the dowels should be between 1/4" and 3/8" in diameter. Likewise, if joining finished thickness 3/4" boards, use between 3/16" and 9/32" diameter dowels. This presumes, of course, you're joining the boards on the narrow dimension (e.g. making a door frame).
What is the proper way to patch acoustic ceiling after collecting possible asbestos sample? My thoughts on your first question would be to take a sample from a few different rooms, if you can see any differences between color/texture on the ceilings. From asbestos.com: If the material looks different (especially in color or texture) in different parts of the room, plan to sample each of those areas. For a ceiling surface in a large room, two samples may be needed to determine your asbestos situation. Try to balance the need to protect your family from exposure after you sample (to sample in an inconspicuous area) with the need to get a representative sample of the material (to sample in the center of the room). I'm not sure about the size of sample required, but I don't think you'd need more than a few square inches. As for patching the ceiling, you should prime the sample spot before painting. After that, you can mix some standard ceiling paint with a texture additive to match the consistency of your original ceiling. Since it's a small area, you can probably get away with using a brush, or possibly a small roller. Or, instead of bothering with texture matching, you could go the easy route and use spray-on popcorn ceiling texture after priming (beware the horrible product reviews though - it might be easier to use a pre-mixed product).
How do I join 2x4s without mitering? I asked this question on the Bicycles site: DIY wooden bike rack — looking for plans I'm planning to build this rack out of 2x4 pieces of wood. It'll live in my garage. I'm looking to make a rack similar to one of these, but simpler and, obviously, not made of metal: (photo credit) My question is, how can I join 2x4s so they'll be strong, particularly the ones that are horizontal? The stand won't support the weight of the bikes, but it will keep them upright. (Several of my bikes don't have kickstands.) I'd like to avoid mitering the joins, to make construction simpler, since I don't have a miter box. (We have a circ saw and a regular wood saw.)
How do I join 2x4s without mitering? Go to your local big box store (Home Depot / Lowes / etc) and look into joist hanging / decking hardware, such as these.
How should I paint pine furniture? I built a bed for my son out of Pine (from plans on the internet.) I am going to paint it white. What kinds of preparation do I need to do to the wood, especially considering the 4 posts are from pressure-treated pine -- the kind of wood you use on a deck that you buy from Home Depot that probably is treated to keep away insects and repel moisture. Sanding - how fine? 220 grit? Anything after sanding like a sealant?
How should I paint pine furniture? I would not ever use pressure-treated wood for any internal application - framing or furniture. Go buy non-pressure treated 4x4s, or sister together two 2x4s to build 4x4s. Otherwise, I sand pine down to 180 grit, prime, and paint.
How should I paint pine furniture? For outdoor use, I've always heard that you have to let treated wood dry for a year before painting, but the exact time may vary based on how dry the local climate is. But Adam Musch is right -- pressure treated is treated with poison -- arsenic, copper, cyanide (until about 2003, when most companies started using less poisonous chemicals). You don't want to be using it inside, and sanding's a bad idea unless you're vaccuuming up the dust and wearing as mask.
How do I clean vinyl siding without a pressure washer? My vinyl siding is turning green from mildew and I have to clean it up this weekend. I let a friend borrow my pressure washer at the beginning of the summer, and he's out of the country for awhile. I'm working that angle to try and get it back. I called for a rental and found that it's pretty expensive to rent one, even for a few hours. Are there any products out there that can you can spray on and rinse with a hose? These stains are 20+ feet up, so I'll bite the bullet on the tool rental before I get up there to scrub. My dad recommended giving Jomax a try. Any experience with this?
How do I clean vinyl siding without a pressure washer? I would never use the old CCA treated wood in an exposed indoor area, especially for a toddler bed. However, contrary to what others have said, the new ACQ treated wood should be perfectly safe. It does not contain aresenic or cyanide. Also, ACQ wood has a much higher copper content than the old CCA wood did (to make up for not having the arsenic). Because of this, it is much more corrosive to fasteners. Make sure you use either hot-dipped galvanized or stainless steel fasteners to ensure that they don't corrode and fail on you.
What are the pros and cons of a cultured marble tub? I'm in the middle of a bathroom remodel (tear-out done), and the next step is to choose a tub. From a materials perspective, what are the pros and cons of using a cultured marble tub? For instance, resistance to scratching and chipping, noise, color-fastness over time, etc.
What are the pros and cons of a cultured marble tub? I wouldn't use miter joints for a project like this anyway -- they're mainly for appearance, not strength. Unless you want it to look pretty I'd stick with lap-type joints, where the pieces overlap each other. Then you can just screw them together with deck screws, or for even more strength you can glue them too. If you want to enhance the appearance you can create an official lap joint like this: The advantage being that your boards end up in the same plane and look a bit less klugey. You could make these either with your hand saw (tedious), or by making several half-depth cuts with your circular saw and removing the remaining material with a chisel. Where you need to butt a 2x4 up against the flat of another, this won't work. The best joint to use in this case would be a dado: You can make these with your circular saw and chisel too. With some glue and a couple of screws through the long piece into the end of the butted piece, this makes for a very strong, nice-looking joint.
Pros and Cons of floated flooring We just bought a new house which needs extensive remodeling. Our contractor, after ripping out the existing old carpet and damaged subfloor/padding, discovered that the floor was quite uneven, so we had an idea to install floated flooring for the hardwood (strand bamboo) that we were planning to replace the carpet with. Can anyone suggest the pros and cons of the floated flooring approach?
Pros and Cons of floated flooring My thoughts? EEK! I think this is a recipe for trouble. I hope this was not suggested by the contractor? These floors need smooth surfaces underneath, with underlayment that will support the flooring. If there will be serious problems like that, they need to be fixed before you put down flooring. Otherwise, you will have flooring that flexes every time you walk over a spot. You will have loud squeeks. The joints between the pieces will open up and close, allowing dirt to lodge in there, unsightly lines will appear in the flooring. With enough flexing, the hard surface coating on that flooring will start to crack. While padding is used underneath these floating floors, the flooring is simply not stiff and strong enough to resist the flexing I am talking about. Do the job right the first time. You don't want to tear it out and redo it later. If the cost of repairing the subfloor is too much, just replace the carpet.
Pros and Cons of floated flooring Miter joints are simply not strong enough here to support the loads they will see. And glue won't be strong enough either to keep the miters together. End-grain to end-grain does not make for a strong glue joint. I've used hand cut mortice and tenon joinery on 2x4 construction before. Yes, it was overkill, but it was fun to do. :) It does yield a strong joint, one that you will trust. It is not even that difficult to do, since the 2x4s are soft wood to cut even with a handsaw and chisel. For even more assurance, after the joints are assembled, drill a hole through the joint, and insert a dowel through it to prevent the tenon from pulling out.
Pros and Cons of floated flooring I know you mentioned that you want to build the bike rack out of wood (and 2x4s) but... You could probably build nearly that exact bike rack out of PVC pipe or even a slightly simpler design: http://www.utahmountainbiking.com/goodies/TruckbedBikeRack.htm
Pros and Cons of floated flooring Our house is on a slab foundation, and has floated flooring in a large part of the house.. The previous owners had the foundation repaired at some point, and while it may be better than it was before the repair, there are still places with noticeable flex in the flooring. Do not simply install a floating floor material over a non-flat surface.
How do I improve hot water pressure from a gas combination boiler? I have a gas combination boiler (no hot water tank). The hot water pressure isn't very good though - the showers and hot taps come out with maybe half the pressure when compared to the cold straight from the mains. Given that the mains pressure is good what is the best way to get more of that pressure through to the hot water? My boiler is a 6 year old Ferroli F24 - would a new boiler make a significant improvement? Given the expense I'd rather only do that if it both the only way and guaranteed to make an improvement.
How do I improve hot water pressure from a gas combination boiler? How updated is your wiring? In an old house, it might still have knob and tube wiring. If this is the case then I wouldn't want to mess with wiring up a disposal. However, if the wiring has been redone with modern stuff, then its pretty easy. I put one in my 1920s house (with updated wiring) earlier this year. The main problem I had is that every spot on my breaker box was already full. (See question I asked about this here.) Code does in fact require the disposal to have its own circuit, but for me this was difficult option. Instead I just spliced into the existing kitchen circuit. By my calculations, a 1/4 HP disposal (which is really all you need) will draw about 1.5 Amps of current. .25 HP = 186 Watts 186 Watts / 120 V = 1.5 Amps I calculated the max power draw of all the kitchen appliances plus the new disposal, and it was well under the 20 Amp max of the circuit. It seems silly to dedicate a whole circuit to an appliance that shouldn't draw over 2 Amps. A double check of the specs on my 1/4 HP disposal indicates it pulls up to 9 Amps! Don't do what I did. Put the disposal on its own circuit. $650-$750 is a lot to pay. If you're home's wiring can handle it, it's something you can do yourself for about $150 in materials and a few hours of work.
How full can my sump pit get before I should worry? After dealing with this issue by adding a circuit dedicated to the sump pump, it has been very dry in my area. The sump pump hasn't kicked on in the month or so since the circuit was added. I wasn't worried... However, the last week has been a wet one. Today, especially, has been near flood conditions to the point that they are closing many local schools. I still have not seen or heard the pump come on. The sump pump power runs into the power cord from a switch, which then plugs directly into the dedicated circuit. The switch cord connects to a float set up in the sump pit, along with the pump itself. The sump pit is a 25+ gallon pit with several drainage lines feeding into it at various levels. It has standing water in the pit, which I, as I understand things, does not necessarily indicate a problem. However, the water has risen above the highest drainage pipe, to within six inches of the lip. Still, the pump has not switched on. I tried manually running the pump, and it operates fine, draining fairly quickly - half an inch or so in under 60s even during a moderate amount of rainfall. So my concern isn't that there are problems with the pump. Rather, I am concerned about the switch. I do not see the float anywhere in the water. How high can the water get before it is certain that there is a problem? Note that my fiancee and I are leaving town on Saturday to get married. We will be gone for two weeks. More rain is anticipated, so if I need to replace the switch, it must be tonight or tomorrow. Edit to include pics: This is what the pit looks like currently: This is the water-level of the pit. The brown line on the stick marks the water-line. The paint-can is a full-size paint can, used to show scale:
How full can my sump pit get before I should worry? I'm sorry, but you say that it drains out only 1/2 an inch from the crock in 60 seconds time when it does run? If so, then you either have a clog in the outflow line, or the pump is bad. Our pump will drain the entire crock in a matter of seconds. If the pump is not turning on with the float totally submerged, then the switch may be a problem too.
How full can my sump pit get before I should worry? It should definately come on before the water gets to that level. Is the float the kind that has its cord clamped to a pipe and it swings up and down? If its that kind, make sure that its not hung up on anything. You may need to manually run the pump to empty the water and troubleshoot the float. Lift it and see if the pump comes on. Does the float have a separate cord that plugs into the outlet and then the pump plugs into the back of the floats plug? I agree that it should pump more than a half inch per minute. I would think it would be normal to empty the tank in around 20-30 seconds.
Is there a way to convert my regular toilet seat to one that's like a Toto...so the seat won't slam shut? Are there hinges out there that I can use to convert my toilet seat so that it won't slam shut? Other methods?
Is there a way to convert my regular toilet seat to one that's like a Toto...so the seat won't slam shut? You CAN buy (on the order of 10 dollars) a test kit from your local home center. These are usually a package of strips that you dip in the water. These strips contain reactants that change color to indicate various contaminants in your water. Having said that, those kits are not terribly accurate, but they will be reasonable. If you have a lot of something in your water, the kit will flag a problem. Just don't expect high accuracy. Of course, you can always call in the water people - those who will try to sell you a complete water treatment system, at a cost of many thousands of dollars. They have a vested interest in selling you something. They can test your water too, though not as accurately as an independent lab would do. A reputable, independent lab will be far more accurate, and has no vested interest in a sale. But expect to pay a reasonable fee for that service. So to answer whether there is a "good" way to test water quality, we would need to understand how much accuracy you want to see, and how much money you would be willing to spend.
What should I look for in a Whole House Fan I see a lot of variance in the prices of whole house fans in the market, and not a lot of clarity or comparison between vendors and models. We're looking to buy some to install in our newly purchased duplex. What are some things to look for and common issues or concerns with the installation and operation of these devices?
Can I use a 1 1/2 vent for a toilet (3" drain) in CA (not a went vent, no other fixtures on it)? Most of the info I have on code implies this would be OK, but one item I have says that a 1 1/2 vent can only serve 8 "non-WC" fixture units.
Can I use a 1 1/2 vent for a toilet (3" drain) in CA (not a went vent, no other fixtures on it)? I have one in my house, never really had a problem with it. They are a bit loud though, so put it someplace out of the way - putting it in the kitchen or living room or anyplace people like to congregate and talk would not be a good idea. The only other thing to look out for is what happens in the winter. The big problem with ours is that while the louvers close automatically when it isn't in use, in the winter heat has no problem escaping through those louvers into the attic. It might seem like a minor thing, but it's easily noticeable - in the winter my whole roof is covered with snow except for a bare rectangle directly above the fan. They make styrofoam covers that you can place over the attic fan, but that requires you to get up in the attic every winter and put it on, then take it off every spring, which can be pain if you don't have easy attic access. Another solution (the one we use) is to use one of those window insulating kits (with the tape and plastic, where you heat it with a hair dryer) and put that over the louvers. It works reasonably well, but not ideal. If you could get an attic fan that had some kind of real solution for this built in - say an automatically retractable cover, or one with a pull chain, that would be ideal. Not sure if they even make such a thing, but it's something to look for. ETA: Another thing to watch out for - make sure your attic has plenty of ventilation. Those fans move a lot of air, and you'll need plenty of ventilation in the attic to make sure all that air can get out.
How do I repair terrazzo floors? I just bought an older house and it has terrazzo floors the whole way through. The previous owner installed carpet using tack strips that were nailed to the floor, instead of using contact cement, so when the carpet and the tack strips were removed it left divots in the floor along the baseboards of every room. Is there any way to repair this?
How do I repair terrazzo floors? It's possible, but probably something that you would call in a professional for. Even assuming that you had epoxy resin based floors, you'd still have to match the existing colors and sizes of the terrazzo pieces, clean out the nail holes, refill them, and grind and polish so they're level with the rest of the floor. EDIT: Found this article that suggests that repairing an epoxy based floor might be easier than I thought. I'd still get some professional advice first though.
How do I repair terrazzo floors? DEFINITELY get professional advice here. If there are many floors of this type in your area, there will also be someone who specializes in repairing them. Start asking around. Call a few people who can create this type of floor. Somebody will know who does repair work on them. If you do find someone who claims to be able to repair them, get references and talk to the references. An alternative to a repair might be to consider some sort of baseboard molding around the perimeter of your floors, to hide the divots. Of course, there may be spots in doorways where that is more difficult to do.
How do I repair terrazzo floors? Wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it. I wish I took before/after pics. Bought: Jomax Clorox Outdoor Put in a garden sprayer designed for bleach according to instructions on Jomax: 3/4 cups Jomax 2 1/4 cups bleach 13 cups water For 75% of the siding, I applied the mixture, then rinsed after 5 minutes. A number of sections needed a second application, and the worst section took three. I rinsed using one of the "fireman" nozzles on my hose, just so I could get it up to the eaves: I did try just spraying the mildew with the nozzle...worthless. "Firemen" should sue for defamation. Anyway, I'm thrilled. Probably took 25% longer than last year, but I wasn't dripping wet either :) I'll get a power sprayer for next year, but I'll definitely stick with this; it looks much better than what I get from pressure washing alone.
Is cleaning the tub with bleach bad for the plumbing? My wife had a brainstorm and we tried cleaning the tub with a dilute bleach solution, letting it soak overnight, and it worked very well. The tub still needs a cleaning, but the bleach loosened the worst of the dirt. I'm viewing this is a pre-step to a proper scrubbing, but one that will make the actual cleaning easier. If we were to do this regularly, say every few weeks, could this be bad for the pipes?
Is cleaning the tub with bleach bad for the plumbing? Buy a new toilet seat. The big box stores sell several that are billed as "Whisper Close" "SlowClose", etc. We're talking $30-40 here (as opposed to $10-20 for a low-end toilet seat) so it's not like I'd be concerned with preserving the existing seat.
How do I replace mortise locks with bored cylindrical locks? I purchased an older home that has mortise locks in all of the doors. They're all very difficult to use and some of them don't work at all, making the doors difficult to impossible to close. Since I'm going to have to do some work on the doors anyway, I would like to convert the doors to use cylindrical locks, instead. Is there one standard way to go about doing this? I would guess I'd have to fill the mortise pocket in the door with plywood and then use a template to bore the holes into the door. I'm a little less clear about what would have to be done with the door jamb. I've never done anything like this, and I want to make sure there isn't anything that I'm missing before attempting to do this.
How do I replace mortise locks with bored cylindrical locks? You say you'll be removing the old lock, so why not replace the mortise locks and if you buy 5 or 7 lever ones they'll be more secure than the bored cylindrical lock. Make sure you buy one with the handle spindle in the same position as the old lock. When it comes to the door jamb, a lot of mortise locks have a "box keep" rather than just a plate defining the holes for the latch and the lock. See the photo on the Mortise Lock Wikipedia page for an example. This makes them more secure and you don't have to find an exact replacement as you'll be chiselling out a bit more of the jamb anyway. The problem with replacing the mortise with a bored cylindrical lock is that the new lock is smaller than the old and really has to be in the same location on the door as it's the strongest part of the door. You'd have to fill the mortise hole with a solid block of wood which might well entail digging out more of the door to get a good fit. This would weaken the door. The same applies to the door jamb.
How do I care for the land area directly above a septic tank? Any suggestions for how to care for the land area directly above a septic tank? I'm a first-time home buyer with a septic tank in my front yard. I'd like it to be aesthetically pleasing and consistent with the rest of the yard but didn't know if there was any special considerations to be aware of (e.g. don't water, mow, seed, etc). -M
Are air purifiers and ionizers effective? Are air ionizers and other air purifiers effective at cleaning the air? Is there any evidence that such machines lead to improved health or wellbeing?
What kind of paint should be used to protect gas meter? During our home inspection, the inspector mentioned that the gas meter wasn't painted and could be subject to rusting later but he didn't elaborate on what paint to use. Anyone have suggestions here? Are there paint types specifically made for this? -M
What kind of paint should be used to protect gas meter? You can pretty much do anything above a septic tank, as long as you aren't going to be doing major landscaping that requires tractors, heavy equipment, etc.. The one thing you do want to be aware of is the location of any inspection pipes, or manholes that might have a negative effect on mower blades. Trying to mow around these nice yard "features" can be quite frustrating. For our old system, we mulched around the area containing the manholes and inspection pipes (~ 4" white pvc pipe with a cap), and planted a nice flower garden around it. We had our 3-year pumpings scheduled in the early spring before we plant, and if we needed work done on the system, flowers are easy enough to re-plant. There are also some realistic looking fake hollow rocks you can buy- we'll probably do this at our new place, as the covers are in an area not well suited to a flower garden.
What kind of paint should be used to protect gas meter? I wouldn't water the septic drain field. I would leave it dry so it can absorb as much water from the septic as possible.
What kind of paint should be used to protect gas meter? If you use oxygen bleach, its safe for the septic. I like a product called Stain Solver (stainsolver.com). In fact, they recommend putting some in periodically to clean the septic tank.
Questions concerning dual flush converters I'm considering purchasing dual-flush converters for our toilets and was curious if anyone had thoughts on them. Specifically, I'd like to know: Are there any major disadvantages to using them? How difficult are they to install? Are there any specific considerations to keep in mind for houses using septic systems? -M
Questions concerning dual flush converters Bleach is really tough on surfaces and over time may damage the tub. If its diluted, I don't think that it will affect pipes, but then again, just about anything is bad for 100 year old iron pipe. After you get the tub clean enough, I'd recommend using one of those daily spray tub/shower cleaners or a steam cleaner like a Haan. The bad thing is that you need to use these products more often, but the good thing is that it takes minutes and little work vs. scrubbing and burning your lungs.
Questions concerning dual flush converters If you're in the US, talk to your local county extension office. If they don't do water testing, they'll know who to talk to. If you're in a rural area, be sure to test in the spring after the local farmers have applied fertilizers.
Is this electrical junction up to code? I was up in my attic a few days ago, and I noticed a pretty ugly electrical junction that wasn't in a junction box. Here's the pic: Is this up to code? FWIW I live in north Alabama, outside city limits. However I'm assuming there are general building codes that would govern this sort of thing nationwide. At first I was horrified when I saw this, but then I remembered the home inspector had to have passed this several times when he was going over the house prior to our purchase. In fact, I SAW him walk right past where it was - I just stuck my head up in the attic while he went tromping around across the trusses. Am I just super OCD and this is a perfectly fine junction, or was it a major oversight on the inspector's part? Unless someone tells me otherwise, I'm planning on installing a junction box tomorrow, but I'd rather not waste my money/time if it's fine how it is.
Is this electrical junction up to code? Up/downs that I'm aware of: Aluminum is more corrosion resistant. Steel is more fire resistant without underlayment. Aluminum is (at least a few years ago) more expensive. There are a couple of different galvanizing techniques used with steel. Understand the differences that apply to your weather conditions. Both roof types will likely outlive you. Both roof types can display cosmetic damage from heavy hail, but offer a higher level of protection for the life of the roof. Asphalt will lose its protective ability over time. You can offset the cosmetic issues by choosing roof patterns that will camouflage. Noise from rain/snow/etc isn't an issue unless your installer is clueless. I just did a roof, and couldn't afford metal. If I could, I'd choose based on the cost, local code and competence of the contractors offering the roof. Roofing is an area where you need to be careful with low bidders. Make sure the roofer is certified by the roof manufacturer and is following manufacturer installation guidelines.
Is this electrical junction up to code? At first glance, I see several problems: The junction should be in a junction box. Is there even an electrical nut on the live wires? Hard to tell under all that electrical tape, but it doesn't look as if there's room for one. Is the neutral from the red wire at top going into that tangle of lives? If it's carrying live, it should be tagged to indicate that. The red wire to the right shouldn't be running along the top of the ceiling joist. If you can, run it along the middle of one of the sides. Ideally, the yellow wire at bottom would pass through a hole drilled through the joist. Failing that, there should be furring strips either side to prevent you from stepping on it. The electrical tape on the neutral and ground wires isn't strictly necessary for code, but if it's there, it's customary to have it go around the nut to help hold it in place. Thanks to @tester101: different sheath colors indicates different gauge wires. Check that your circuit breaker has the appropriate amperage rating. Staples: if you run wires across the joists, they should be stapled to keep them in place between the furring strips (that you also need; see #5). You'll also need them along the length of the wires that run along the joists, and it might be a good idea to have one near where the wire drops down through the 2x4 header (given the quality of the rest of the job, whoever did this may not have used staples when running the wire through the wall cavity). It looks as if you might have a lot of slack in those wires. Wiring shouldn't be piano-wire taut, but you don't want enough slack that you can trip over it. Just because the inspector didn't mention it, doesn't mean it's OK. They're human, so they can miss things, especially in an attic where the lighting isn't good.
Is this electrical junction up to code? My ionizer probably did clean the air -- the walls near it were starting to turn gray with all the fine dust particles settling down. However, I didn't notice any change in my wellbeing. I heard somewhere that someone even sued one of the companies that sell these ionizers for false claims that use of ionizers improves health.
Is this electrical junction up to code? Before I bought an air purifier a few years back, I found a Consumer Reports test of such machines, including several filter-based models and at least one ionizer. The ionizer received a failing grade. According to Wikipedia, the manufacturer subsequently sued Consumer Reports for product defamation and lost. I don't have the Consumer Reports article anymore, but if I remember correctly, the only effective air purifiers were filter-based. Only a few models had much effect, and only when the fan was run at the highest (and loudest) speed. We have had a filter-based air purifier (made by Sears) for about three years. It cost about $300, and the annual filter cost is about $150. It is effective in the sense that the filter does get dirty, but my (subjective) impression is that its cleaning effect is small compared to regular vacuum cleaning and dusting. We haven't noticed any health improvements—but we didn't have dust allergies or other dust-related health problems either. Apparently there have been studies into high levels of negative ions as a treatment for seasonal-affective disorder. I have not read the papers or otherwise evaluated the research, and I don't know if commercially available air purifiers produce anions at the levels that are claimed to be clinically relevant.
Is this electrical junction up to code? I'm amazed that your inspector didn't call this out. I suppose it could be just a random fluke that it was missed, but this is something that even the greenest inspector should have easily seen and noted. I agree with all of Niall C.'s points, but would add that this looks like nothing a professional electrician would put together (and would certainly not have passed the electrical building inspection), and so is probably something added by a previous owner. If I were you I'd find out where these wires go and check out whatever's at the other ends. You may find a mess there too that needs to be fixed.
How do I fill a hole under a sidewalk? The sidewalk leading up to my front door developed what looked like a sink hole under it about a year ago. Since then, an animal of some kind has made the hole even bigger and it now runs as a tunnel under my pathway. QUESTION: How to I fill this hole most effectively? Obviously it would be great if I could do it cheaply and without busting up the sidewalk. CONCERNS: I like in Omaha, NE. We have extreme winters and summers. I thought about pouring concrete into the hole, but I'm concerned that it would expand under the sidewalk and cause buckling and cracking. I also thought about filling it with just dirt and sand, but I'm concerned that I won't be able to get the hole filled directly under the middle of the sidewalk, thus not supporting the weight load put in the walkway.
Can I lay down plywood in my attic to create a storage space? I've got an older house, built in 1919 (stacked stone foundation, brick, lots of heavy lumber) and I got this crazy idea I could build out the 3rd floor into a FAR more useful space than it is now. I'm not sure why some other owner didn't think/attempt this so may there is something I am missing -- someone DID put a HUGE antenna in there but beyond that, a single light socket and all the loose insulation, its untouched. The cross beams in the attic are 10x2 and stupid strong (busts nails, no really) being about 13" apart. The roof is shaped in a steep V and high enough I can stand up easily (I'm 6'8) and it's all completely open -- 16' wide by ... probably 50' deep - all of which is utterly wasted. I'm thinking I could feed some plywood up there to create a floor and start building it out into more useable, maybe even living space. The biggest catch as of right now is the opening -- it's <2' by 3'. Barely big enough to me to sneak my way in there and MAYBE bend some 8'x2' sheets up there (rip an 8x4). Really what I need it for today is simply storage. Long term, we'd like to build a walk-out 3rd floor but since in ~100 years no one else has bothered...it makes me think "why didn't someone?". Any ideas/thoughts on this?
Can I lay down plywood in my attic to create a storage space? A concrete leveling company could do the job. I hired a company to raise my driveway back to level. They drilled a small hole in the cement pad and pumped in hydraulic cement. It leveled out the pad and they assured me that it won't be bothered by frost heave. The leveling service might be your best option to ensure that the hole is filled. If that hole collapses it would put stress on the middle of the sidewalk (if the hole is large enough), causing it to split. This is pretty much what happened to my driveway, the ground sank only in one section and the strain on the corner of the concrete was too great and it split where the ground dropped.
Can I lay down plywood in my attic to create a storage space? As far as the opening goes, you can put in a collapsing ladder, such as this one. I've installed one before and they're not too bad, just a little framing work and some large nails (I used 16p nails and you'll need a friend or two to help, the ladder and frame is somewhat weighty). This gives you a ladder and an easy way to get up to the attic and it collapses down to just a panel which can be painted and framed to make it look nice against the ceiling. The attic in my house just has some plywood on the truss floor which serves as a great storage floor. Just have to be sure not to block the air flow in the attic and realize that it may get very hot in the summer and cold in the winter. I made the mistake of storing some candles in boxes one summer ..... wound up with candle blobs when I discovered them again.
Can I lay down plywood in my attic to create a storage space? Fill the hole with concrete. Concrete doesn't expand in the cold -- you're probably thinking of frost heave, which is where moisture in the soil freezes and expands, disturbing whatever's above it. If your sidewalk hasn't heaved by now, then the addition of new concrete below it isn't going to change anything. Filling the hole with dirt or sand may in fact cause the heaving you're concerned about though -- I can imagine a situation where you're unable to properly compact the dirt underneath the sidewalk, creating a nice loosely-filled pocket for water to sit in and freeze.
Can I lay down plywood in my attic to create a storage space? When it comes to make the hatch invisible, I personally use a large flowers vase. Previously I had a human statue (of manageable weight). It adds a nice touch of classic to the garden, and it can be removed easily from the hatch when you require emptying. Unfortunately it is prone to falling when you have a dog or small children. The vase is a much safer solution.
Can I lay down plywood in my attic to create a storage space? As you said you had loose insulation, I don't know if it's at the floor joist level, and so you can just sheet directly over the joists, or if it's above the joists, in which case you need to get creative. First, there are some companies that make these sort of plastic grid pieces that screw into the joists so you can make a walkway and still let the insulation breathe ... but they're specific sizes, so if your rafters aren't the standard 16" or 24", you're out of luck. And they're rather expensive when you start dealing with them for both the walkway, and the storage. The alternative is to only lay the walkway, down, not where you're going to be storing stuff. If you need extra depth for insulation, make a "ladder" out of dimensional lumber (2x4, 2x6, etc) to get up to the height of your insulation, nestle that into the insulation, secure it in place, then sweep out any extra insulation (so you're not packing it down), then sheet over top of the ladder. For storage, if you're mostly storing lightweight stuff up there (and let's face it ... if you're bringing it up and down a ladder, you're not using this to store heavy items), you can work from the roof down -- get some pieces of chain, a few screw hooks, and something as shelves (even a cheap set of wire shelves from target/walmart/etc), and you have storage without crushing down the insulation. ... One of these years, I'll get a contractor to come in, jack up the roof another four feet, add a knee-wall, and I can get a whole second floor (well, storage under the eaves), but that's a long-term project, as I'm going to have to get new siding at the same time, unless someone can match 80 year old wood siding. And I'm going to have to lose a bedroom to turn into a stairwell. When that point comes, I'll probably get the sprayed-on insulation, as I'll have to insulate the roof, and I'm not looking forward to having to deal with batts of insulation over my head. (although, they do have ones made from recycled bluejeans now, so maybe it won't be as itchy) I also assume I'm going to have to get permits and make sure the joists would be rated to support the necessary live load; mine are 24"OC 2x6, so I might need reinforcing. (although, they're old school, 1.75"x5.75", not today's 1.5"x5.5", and they're mostly petrified at this point)
How do I install a receptacle box in lath/plaster wall? I have a room with ungrounded electrical receptacles and I need to install a grounded outlet. The walls are lath and plaster. What I want to do is install a new receptacle box for the outlet. Is there a way to do this without having a big hole to repair? Basically I'd just like to cut a hole just big enough for the receptacle box, but not sure if it's possible. I can easily get a wire to the desired location. I'm just not sure of how to get a receptacle box into the wall. There is a stud at the spot for an attachment point. Any links to a site with pictures or diagrams would be a real plus.
How do I install a receptacle box in lath/plaster wall? I did something similar, and my wall is lathe-and-plaster, but covered with drywall. I started by drilling a hole with a hole saw, then extended the hole to the size of a receptacle box using an electric jigsaw. A bit of dust, but it worked wonderfully; it was not hard to make the hole the right size and shape. I don't know if it would be different if there were no drywall. Perhaps I would have to worry about the plaster chipping around the edges? I also discovered that I needed to use a shallow receptacle box, for there was not enough space inside the wall for a regular one.
How do I install a receptacle box in lath/plaster wall? I think you would be better off using a remodeling box (with the flanges that rotate out to grip the wall) and ignore the stud altogether. With a remodeling box, you just have to cut a hole big enough for the box, whereas if you use a regular box, you have to cut away more so you have room to nail it into the stud. The main difficulties you'll face are that you don't know exactly where the lath is placed within the wall, and that the plaster will be brittle with age. Start by using something sharp to gouge out a small hole in the center of the spot for your new receptacle; I use the pointed tip of a drywall saw. Once you've exposed the lath, expand the hole up and down until you find the edges of that piece of lath. The other lath are going to be approximately the same size and spaced up to maybe 1/4" apart. Adjust your planned spot up or down a little so that at least one edge of the box lines up with a gap in the lath -- it's easier to cut through the plaster on its own. Expand the hole until it's big enough for the box, then use a jigsaw to cut away the lath. Vibration from the saw can cause more damage to the wall so take it very slow and easy. (Another reason to avoid the stud: if the lath ends at that stud, you'll only have about 1/2" of it to hold the plaster in place.)
Can a portable air conditioner be used to reduce moisture in a room? I live in a flat in an older house and I have the disadvantage of living next to an outer wall. In autums/springs there is a period when the central heating isn't turned on yet, but it's already getting cold outside. During this time the wall (and generally air inside) gets quite moist and mold starts forming. Also the moist air makes it feel much colder than it really is (the thermometer shows 20C, but it feels like 15C). Thus I'm looking at dehumidifiers and air conditioners. The first are cheaper by half, the latter are more powerful (according to spec) and can also be used for cooling the air in the summer. But I really wonder how much I can trust the spec and how much it would really help. Does anyone have any experience with this?
Can a portable air conditioner be used to reduce moisture in a room? I would consider a dehumidifier which will pull moisture out of the air. I'd also check into why the wall is getting moist. Are you sure there is enough insulation in the wall, because you definitely should not have moisture condensing on or in the walls. An air conditioner will make the room colder which you probably don't want if the weather is already turning cold. The dehumidifier will pull the moisture out of the air without cooling the air the way an air conditioner would. For the time being the dehumidifier should pull moisture out of the room for you. The specs for the appliances (dehumidifier or air conditioner) are usually fairly accurate, most notably on larger name brands. I've found knock-off and smaller brands to be a bit sketchy when it comes to performance, so I've learned my lesson and usually go for the larger more established brand names when it comes to things like this.
Can a portable air conditioner be used to reduce moisture in a room? I live in MN and we recently replaced all of our windows with replacement inserts (Marvin Windows). After talking with several experts (and 4 different companies) they all agree wood is still the best. The issue with Vinyl is/was the brittleness in colder climates. Fiberglass is supposed to help with that but it is relatively new so there is no long-term analysis that can be done. In summary: Fiberglass is supposed to be good but is unproven.
Can a portable air conditioner be used to reduce moisture in a room? A good Do-it-yourself book.
Can a portable air conditioner be used to reduce moisture in a room? I would jack it up with a crowbar or new 2x4. Go to Lowes and get some paver stones to place under there. You may have to dig out a little dirt, but not too much. Make sure the pavers are level.
How hard is it to remove ducts? I have an incredibly toxic smell emanating from one of my floor vents. I think one of my cats peed in the vent. Will I be able to remove the duct-work without ripping out the linoleum and sub-floor? What do I need to do to clean ducts?
How hard is it to remove ducts? The one at my house is new and it appears to be powder-coated. I'd let the gas company fix it though.
What to consider from picking a toolbox? I need a tolbox but have got no experience with one. Can you suggest what things to consider before I choose one? Some examples will be very helpful.
What to consider from picking a toolbox? One of the best ways to keep your hood quiet is to buy something that has adequate CFM ratings for your situation without being overkill. A 900-CFM hood is probably never going to be as quiet as a 600-CFM hood and 600 CFMs is usually overkill for all but the most professional of range tops. Also, if you can find a hood that has infinite fan speed like the Kenmore 50303, then you can select a speed that isn't as loud as High, but provides better ventilation than Low. After you figure out how much CFM you really need, then you can start comparing Sone ratings (which is usually tested and reported on the highest setting). As an additional tip, barrel-shaped centrifugal fans are usually quieter than standard blade fans that chop the air.
What to consider from picking a toolbox? Some aspects you should consider would be: Size: If you're just starting out with your tool collection, you may want to look into a tool set/tool box combo. The one from the link has several drawers with a bigger top compartment. You can also get an expanding tool box which lets you see where all your tools are without having to go through all your drawers. If you just want somewhere to store a limited amount of tools because you don't use them often, I'd suggest a simple plastic toolbox like this one. My first toolbox was a similar design with a lift-out tray and small hardware storage compartments in the lid. It is a bit of a hassle to go digging around in the one main compartment though. Do you have a garage full of tools? A rolling tool chest has a high storage capacity with lots of drawers for easy organization. The one here has a big drawer for larger items and several drawers for organization of smaller tools. An easily portable tool bag would be a great addition if you go this route, since a large chest isn't portable. Portability: Are you going to be working at other locations than where you store your tools? A truck toolbox might be useful if you're always working at different locations. (I just realized I made the assumption that everyone owns a truck - whoops!) However, if you're mostly doing home improvement jobs at your own house, you probably don't need one of these. Work Environment: If you're doing most of your work on your own house, you probably don't need a lockable tool box. However, if you're planning on working in environments where more than close friends have access too, you definitely want to protect your tools from theft. Are you going to be carrying it around, banging it up? Then you probably want a metal toolbox. Otherwise, if it's just going to sit in the garage, a plastic one might be okay. Accessibility: A tool bag or tool bucket organizer is the easiest way to keep tools nearby when you're working (other than a tool belt). I recently purchased a bag with a large center compartment and lots of pockets on the outside. I can see where all my tools are without digging through a toolbox. For home improvement projects, I'd recommend this style. You do have to consider that you can't lock it though.
What to consider from picking a toolbox? Make sure it's not too big for you to be able to move. Even if you're planning on just using it for storage, you will need to move it from time to time. So you'll need to make sure you can still lift it when it's full. Even if it has wheels there will be times you'll need to move it upstairs for example. If you're moving it a lot then choose one that's just big enough to hold the tools you need. That way you won't be tempted to overfill it. You'll also need to ensure that it will fit in your vehicle.
What are the pros and cons of prefab granite vs. custom slab? I am remodeling my kitchen and would like to put in granite countertops. It seems that there are two main ways to get granite. Buy a large slab and have it custom cut to fit the kitchen design. Buy prefabricated slabs that are already cut and polished in 9'x2' sections. The prefabricated route seems significantly cheaper - almost half the cost of the slab route. Still, I wonder what the drawbacks are. My kitchen will have two 90 degree corners, and I'm wondering how these are accomplished with prefab granite. How do they make the corner seams look clean? Also, is it possible to get fancier ogee style edges with prefab? Overall, what are the pros and cons of prefab granite vs slab granite?
Tips and advice for installing a chimney cap? I have an older wood-burning fireplace that is missing a chimney cap. I'd like to install one prior to rain season here in California but would still like the ability to use the fireplace now and then (with the cap on). I was originally thinking that this is a fairly simple DIY project but another post suggested that this can/should be done by a professional. I'm not sure if this was because the other post involved a Gas fireplace or not. I have a couple questions: What information is needed to purchase an appropriately sized chimney cap? I found a checklist here but wasn't sure if more info was needed. Is chimney cap installation widely accepted as a task best left to professionals?
Tips and advice for installing a chimney cap? To answer your question directly, it depends entirely on the type of tree and the type of herbicide. It might be okay, but it might not be. It is possible to kill a tree with herbicides, and it is possible to kill poison ivy on its own with certain herbicides without killing certain trees. Unless you're prepared to be absolutely certain that the type of herbicide you're using isn't going to harm a tree you care about, it's probably a safe bet to skip it. There's nothing that a pick axe + hoe + gloves can't solve. Rip the suckers out!
Tips and advice for installing a chimney cap? Every air conditioner I've ever seen works not only to cool the air but also to pull moisture out of it. That's often why you get dripped on when you walk underneath a window unit. There might be condensation on the cooling coils, but more often than not the "conditioning" of the air includes bringing it down to a comfortable humidity: literally pulling moisture out of the air and draining through a pipe -- often that part of the a/c's job is more important than altering the temperature in terms of comfort. So yes, an a/c will be more expensive than a dehumidifier, but that's because it does both jobs: cooling and reducing moisture in the air. I'd go the double-duty air conditioner route, but then again, I live in Florida and we really can't get enough a/c down here! Also, I've seen dehumidifiers in action and I wasn't impressed. You usually have to manually empty the water collection area, and even then it really doesn't do all that great of a job lowering the humidity.
Tips and advice for installing a chimney cap? I'll defer to the experts, but in the meantime, this link may be helpful in describing the basic pros and cons of the various tub options (scroll down the page to see the pro/con breakdown). From what I could find, the material itself is quite resilient against damage, mold, and color fading. That being said, the largest objection has been personal preference as some people consider cultured marble to look "dated". -M
Why is there no hot water from sink tap unless shower or bath has been run? We have just had a new boiler and new bathroom fitted. Shower and bath work fine - takes a minute or so for water to heat up, its a combi boiler and the boiler is on another floor to bathroom. However the sink tap in bathroom will not get hot unless either a shower or bath has been run. My guess was that the sink tap does not create enough pressure to really get the boiler going, and the pipes need warming up. To clarify the water from sink gets luke warm, at best, with no shower/bath. While if sink tap is run shortly after shower/bath the water is perfectly hot (~60c as expected) Any tips ?
Why do my pipes creak 10 minutes after using them? Our recently installed bathroom uses existing pipes that were previously plumbed into cut out sections of joists, with no cladding. Approximately 10 minutes after use there is a quite loud creaking. We were advised this was because of the absence of cladding, and that quick solution is to use expanding foam in between the pipe and timber joist, to act as cladding. this avoids the much bigger job of completely refitting pipes and pulling up floor/re cutting joists. The pipes are easily accessible at the moment as we are renovating (we have the ceiling off in the room below bathroom, but the bathroom itself is all tiled up). Will this work, any other ideas?
Why do my pipes creak 10 minutes after using them? I don't see why not. The creaking is caused by the pipes rubbing on the joists as they expand and contract when first the pipe heats up as hot water runs through and then cools down as the water left in the pipe cools down. If you wrap the pipes in insulation this will have the dual effect of stopping the creaking and keeping the hot water in the pipes warmer for longer.
How do I eliminate the "whooshing" sound of water running though pipes? At every faucet and toilet in our house, when water is running, it creates a loud wooshing noise in the walls. I'm not sure how else to describe it, but it's like the normal "oh I can hear the sink or toilet on upstairs" but VERY loud. What, if anything, can I do to reduce or completely eliminate the noise?
How do I eliminate the "whooshing" sound of water running though pipes? Some form of insulation, either normal pipe cladding or expanding foam could be used to reduce the noise.
How do I eliminate the "whooshing" sound of water running though pipes? For a typical masonry chimney installing a chimney cap is something you can tackle yourself. However, do not try to fabricate a cap yourself. A chimney cap is not something that you want to make at home. The cap you purchase should come with the proper fasteners which will usually be screws that are pointed on the ends to penetrate the flue liner that is exposed at the very top of your chimney. Some caps have a flue built in that requires a cable to run down the length of the chimney. Unless there is a problem with your fireplace I would not use one like that. The materials used to construct the cap are important. Don't buy one that could rust and consider a finish that will never need repainted. While you are up there take the time to inspect your chimney inside and out. Look for any areas that are missing mortar. Check the inside for shiny black covering or cracks. Make sure there are no missing bricks and the top of the chimney properly sheds water. Any of these issues and I recommend brining in a professional.
How do I eliminate the "whooshing" sound of water running though pipes? We are in process of getting ours capped. One thing that put me off doing it myself is getting up on the roof, this and the fact it wasn't that expensive to get an "expert". However, one unexpected problem we encountered - the "expert" we hired considered capping to be filling with cement and completely cutting off air supply. So if you do hire someone it may be worth your while double checking terminology. Capping/Cowl/Crown are all used and be clear that you intend using it as normal. (If anyones worried, our "expert" was happy to dig out the cement and do as we originally requested/intended. And I'm still not sure what the difference is between a Cap,Cowl or Crown).
How do I eliminate the "whooshing" sound of water running though pipes? Make sure the shutoff valves at your toilet and sink are fully open. Inadvertently leaving them partially closed can cause sounds like you describe. EDIT: Just noticed you said "at every faucet and toilet in our house." I'd still check all your shutoffs just to be sure, but also make sure you check the main shutoff valve for the whole house.
How do I eliminate the "whooshing" sound of water running though pipes? I think you are right. There is a minimum flow rate required before the boiler will actually kick on. I have exactly the same thing with my tankless hot water heater. Aside from getting a separate "point of use" hot water heater for just the sink, The only way I'm aware of to get around it is to turn the water all the way over to hot and on full blast. That usually gets enough flow going to start up the water heater. Once hot water starts coming out, you can adjust the temp a bit (at which point the water heater will probably shut off, and all you have is the hot water left in the pipes).
Questions about Heating/Cooling, ducting Little back story - A while ago, I had a contractor out and in passing complained about how cold my house is in the winter (brick, no real insulation) -- brilliantly, he says "well, yea, your furnace is in the front of the house, and it’s what? 60 feet at least to that addition? No wonder you're not getting any heat back there" ... I'll be damned what a great idea. Earlier this week, I finally had my furnace moved to a far more central location in the house ... actually it's as centered as humanly possible without being in the middle of a walk way. The vents in the middle of the house, of course blasts air, the rear of the house a little more but the front ... not NEARLY as much, you can barely feel it -- this concerned me quite a bit (I was wondering if I had made a mistake). Anyway, last night I turned it on for the first time "let’s see how this baby works" -- it went from 64' to 70 in under 45 minutes (!!!!! <-- me excited). What really confused me is the front of the house was just as warm as the rest. This defies logic. Maybe there's no real answer, but I'm really curious how this works and if I should worry about improving the ducting to the front so the flow is more balanced or just leave it alone?
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? My bathroom walls were a mix of plaster and drywall with various layers of paint, primer, and skim coating. I attempted to skim coat the walls myself to prepare for priming and painting, but I wasn't happy with the results so I hired someone to do it right. The walls are smooth now but not quite flat. For example, if you put a baseboard against one wall the baseboard touches the wall at two high points horizontally and there is space between the rest of the baseboard and wall. The drywall guy said he would come back and fix anything that needs to be done such as those gaps and any other wall imperfections. He said however, that I should prime the walls and finish and nail the baseboards before he fixes the imperfections. He said that many of the subtle nicks and grooves in the wall would stand out better once the primer had been applied. He also said that he could achieve better results if the baseboards were nailed in first rather than using a straight edge to even out the low points, and that he would fill in from the top of the baseboards on up. It seems to me that it would be easier to use a straight edge to even it out and that the baseboards would only get in the way. He said he didn't want to make it flat only to have me put on the baseboards and find out that it still looked off. I don't really buy that. It also seems odd to prime first before getting all the imperfections since the primer seals the wall and putting patches on top of that doesn't seem quite right. I'm not a professional and I don't want to tell him how to do his job, but if he's cutting corners I don't want to be taken advantage of either. Personally I think he should have evened out the low points at the beginning. Hidden nicks I can understand. I'd be grateful for any informed opinions.
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? Our previous house had a whole house fan. I wired it up on a timer switch, so I could have it on when we went to bed, but have it shut off in the middle of the night. This cooled the house when we went to bed, but didn't pull the really cold air in early in the morning. Most of the newer whole house fans are much quieter and energy efficient. Many of them also have insulating doors that automatically close. For more information, watch this video from Ask This Old House.
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? I had to have my walls skim coated and I waited until I was completely done with everything before putting the baseboards on. I didn't want to take any chances scuffing them up or getting paint on them. My vote is do them absolutely last.
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? It's true that primer will show you any imperfections on your wall. When I skim coated my ceilings, I was always surprised to find out how many spots I had missed after I primed. I'd say you should definitely prime first, and afterwards prime the spots your drywall guy skimmed again. As for the baseboards, I'm not completely sure what 'professionals' do, but I would put them on last. It will be much easier to paint your wall if the baseboards haven't been installed. Not having to either tape or carefully cut in will save you quite a bit of time and get you a better end result. Your drywall guy should be able to get the wall straight enough without the baseboards installed. Afterwards, if you still have a gap between the baseboards and wall, you can use caulk to fill it in. (Assuming it's not >1/4")
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? I would put on the baseboards, but only tack them in place so they can easily be removed when the drywall guy is done. The reason he is probably asking you to install them, is so he can make sure you are happy with the finish before he leaves so he doesn't have to come back. It's probably a good idea anyway, because it would be a shame to get all the painting done only to realize the baseboards don't fit right. Then you would have to start all over again.
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? The big difference as you mentioned is price. The seams with the pre-cut pieces should not be an issue (assuming the installers are good at what they do), the more noticeable factor will be the difference in colors and patterns. If the entire counter is cut from a large slab, the colors and patterns will be consistent throughout the entire counter. If the counter is assembled with pre-cut pieces, you may notice differences in colors and patterns from one piece to another. The choice here, however, would come down to preference. Some people might prefer the look of one method over the other, so it's hard to say what you'll like better. I would find out if they have a show room or can provide pictures (from previous jobs) of the different methods, then you can decide which you personally prefer (while keeping your budget in mind).
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? It entirely depends on which herbicides you use. For example, Glyphosate is commonly used in Round-Up and Rodeo products and is not selective on which plant it kills. Triclopyr is another popular one but can also affect wooded plants. If you're very concerned about the tree, you'll likely need to speak to a professional or find another way to extract the ivy.
Should I install baseboards before or after skimcoating? If it works to your satisfaction (that is, if it heats the house properly), then leave it alone. There are a LOT of factors in this, including: length of individual duct runs openings between rooms (door or no door, closed or open if door) sizes of rooms placement of vents in the rooms placement of the return vents I'm no HVAC guy, but I know enough to know that if it's working, DON'T mess with it further.
Fan between rooms? I presently work at home, which means that I spend a lot of time in my office (ya think?). Unfortunately, this room is not a good one for air conditioning (or heating) in the house. I can often get 8 or more degrees of temperature differential between the office and the space outside the office door. Behind the rear wall of my office is a closet that faces a hallway. I was considering running a duct with a fan (something like this) across that closet, so as to exhaust air from my office into the hallway. I normally keep the door (which is at the front of the office) open, so air should flow from the front of the office to the back, out to a different part of the house. Is this a good idea? Is there some big, obvious flaw that I'm missing? Other than the obvious issues of wiring it up properly, is there any control issue that I'm not seeing?
Fan between rooms? The fact that you have this problem even though you keep the office door open indicates that your problem is an insufficient supply of conditioned air to the room, rather than the lack of a return path for the air. This can be caused by the layout and sizing of your ductwork. Before taking on this project, you might try closing off the vent(s) in another room to force more air into your office. If you have a room that stays too cool in summer that would be an ideal candidate. If that works and you want to make the change more permanent, you could install an adjustable damper in that room's duct and set it to a position that keeps that room comfortable but still allows a bit more flow to the office. If that doesn't work out then I think your proposed solution is a good one, possibly the only one short of a major overhaul of your ductwork to get the airflow more balanced. See this question for some tips on installing such a duct.
Is this an acceptable way to add a light to a 3-way circuit? I have three way switches at the top and bottom of my stairs. There is a light at the top of the stairs controlled by the switches and I wish to add a light at the bottom. A 14/2 runs first to the light at the top (hot and neutral from the breaker), then a 14/2 runs to the switch at the top (hot supply and switched hot back to the light), and a 14/3 runs between the switches (travelers and switched return). It would be very difficult to run a new 14/2 (switched hot and neutral) from the light upstairs to the light downstairs, but it is easy to run a 14/2 from the downstairs light to the switch box downstairs. I want to know if it is acceptable to connect the hot switched from the downstairs 3 way to the light and run a separate neutral to the breaker box, or another nearby circuit's neutral. skill level: electrical engineer / homeowner, but not an electrician. (know how to not burn the house down, but don't know the electrical code)
Is this an acceptable way to add a light to a 3-way circuit? I'm in the UK, we got a new recently due to the rebate recently offered on really old boilers. If you get a decent boiler it provides savings because it is more efficient. They are called "condensing" combination boilers - the condensing action reclaims lost heat, I think. We got a Vaillant, who also make the glow-worms. Never heard of Ferroli. And yes we get decent hot water pressure. I would check with a few plumbers/gas engineers, just get a few quotes, and also check the boiler specification for max flow rate. Couple of tips if you do get a new boiler be sure to specify exactly where the pipes go (if you change location), get one of the remote controls (very handy, and allows you to put boiler in loft), and also specify exactly how you want the magnaclean device fitted (collects sludge from central heating). Ours is unfortunately very prominent - we need to move it. Also, we went for a really big powerful boiler, so more than enough water but tbh probably a bit too big for our house: bigger may not necessarily always be better. I'd only get vaillant, glowworm, or worcester-bosch, btw.
Is this an acceptable way to add a light to a 3-way circuit? You're describing a shared neutral, and some local codes allow it, some don't. However, it's usually described with closely related circuits, like a single 12/3 wire feeding alternate receptacles in a kitchen's two 20A circuits. In general, I think they're a bad idea because if circuits A and B share a neutral, you could potentially still have current in A's neutral with A turned off at the service panel. In addition, if A and B are on different phases and there's a problem with the neutral, you could have 240V across all your devices. Using a ganged breaker mitigates those risks somewhat. How difficult would it be to replace the 14/3 between the switches with two 14/2 wires? That would get neutral to the downstairs switch and wouldn't raise any eyebrows come inspection time. If that would also be difficult, next step is to talk to an electrician that knows what's allowed in your area.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? My contractor just installed a Delta Arzo Two Handle Widspread Lavatory 3586LF into a Kohler Persuade Curv top and basin lavatory, K-2956-8. The problem is that the horizontal rod for the popup drain is not long enough to connect to the lifting rod strap. This is because the drain is too far from where the faucet is mounted in the sink. What is the typical solution to this type of problem?
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? EDIT: Niall C. suggested finding a replacement rod that fits. Home depot has a few sizes on-line, but they may have more in the store. I'd try this solution before custom-making one. Depending on the design of the horizontal rod, you may be able to replace it with a length of steel rod with the same diameter. From what I can tell of the parts diagram , you may be able to slide some hardware off of the original rod and back on to your custom cut rod of the same diameter. If the original rod is threaded at one end, you could get a tap and die set or see if threaded rod would work.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? You'll want to run a new 14/2 line from the upstairs light to the downstairs light, that way everything is up to code and is done right.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? I use my Sharp portable AC to dehumidify my man-cave/office fairly often, it works really well - and doesn't require any condensate drains or tank emptying nonsense. Really all the machine is doing is running the AC at a minimum setting to remove the moisture from the air, but this is the most effective method of dehumidifying a room - short of purchasing a dedicated dehumidifier which realigns the airflow path across the condenser and evaporator to give you warm/dry air. Or as a second alternative - buy a pallet of desiccant packs and spread it around the room :) In all seriousness - I actually do something like that in my motorhome (I bought a big desiccant holding "bucket" from West Marine and it does a decent job keeping the dampness out, but you have to replace the pellets and drain the water periodically, so it's kind of messy). Good luck!
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? I agree with baseboard last. The drywall guy can hold a board up to the wall for a straight edge. If the baseboard fit isn't perfect (hardly ever is) when you go to install it, then you can run a bead of calk down the top after you put it on. Then paint the calc either the wall o the baseboard color or split it.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? That is an epic goat rope of a splice job. Completely illegal. In a nutshell - any splice outside of an enclosure is a hack. You can debate the semantics of safety if that's just bonding a ground or whatever but that is crappy work regardless. ALL splices must be in an approved junction box. 2008 NEC®© 300.15 Boxes, Conduit Bodies, or Fittings — Where Required. Where the wiring method is conduit, tubing, Type AC cable, Type MC cable, Type MI cable, nonmetallic-sheathed cable, or other cables, a box or conduit body shall be installed at each conductor splice point, outlet point, switch point, junction point, termination point, or pull point, unless otherwise permitted in 300.15(A) through (M). There is such thing as a "concealable splice" kit (made by AMP) but that is a topic for a separate thread. I'm sure most of you are familiar with the term "code smell" - well this is an electrician's 'code smell'. :)
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? I've learned from dealing with contractors recently that I have to define exactly what I want done so that there is no misunderstanding or room to scale back on the required work. For example, if I want a tree removed I have to describe whether or not I want the roots removed, stump grounded down, etc. You don't want to have to say, "I just assumed you were going to do X, Y, and Z." Consider all of the details you can think of. This can be difficult if you're not familiar with the various approaches and don't know all of the details involved in a job (it's why we hire professionals in the first place), but the more you can research and document the better.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? If he's the lowest bidder, watch out. If he (or she) promises too much, watch out. I agree with the post above that said "Get it in writing". Get changes in writing too. If you make the deal with the Dad and then he drops his son and son in law off to do the work, you might have a problem, although the phrase "Don't make me call your Daddy" is helpful in this case. Money up front is a no-no. As for cars, if a contractor is driving a shiny new Linconln Navigator (think Radon guys), then I think he's ripping me off. I want to see an honest work vehicle, but no junker either.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? I have also heard of putting the suction pipe into the sump (above the water level, where it can draw air) and sealing the sump. Works well if there is drain pipe connected into the sump pump.
What do I do when a horizontal rod for a popup drain is too short? I always try and get 3 or 4 different quotes. You'd be amazed at that difference in price and analysis of the problem/work involved. I have had differences, major differences; one person quoted £1,500, another £6k. The major thing I have learnt is that you have to manage contractors - don't assume anything, every little detail. And get it all written up. And obviously don't pay for time, pay for a job, and of course don't pay until yr happy with the work. If anyone starts quoting a daily rate I run a mile. People have mentioned looking at peoples cars etc I don't think this is useful, who cares what car etc. As logn the work is up to standard and the price is reasonable - I expect a decent worker to make a healthy profit, so why not ? If the work is not up to standard or there a various problems call a stop to the work, I guess you could even include that in your original contract. The other thing I have learnt, try and do things yourself, some of these things are not that hard. Its just having the confidence to do them. Even if you do make a mistake it can normally be rectified.
What kind of glue can be used to join flat drive belt and v-belt? For my special project I need to join flat drive belt with a v-belt (the wider part of it's profile to be precise). Due to the nature of their application such combined part will be rotating with most of the power transfered via the v-belt (it is supposed to be a diy tank track). The joint must be able to bend as the whole contraption will be stretched between two 20cm diameter wheels. I plan to reinforce it with screws or rivets. Could you please advise what kind of glue can do the job?
What kind of glue can be used to join flat drive belt and v-belt? I'd use Shoe Goo ... it dries rubbery and flexible. Another alternative would be contact cemement (I use DAP, personally, do not get the non-flamable one that cleans up with water), but it's much harder to work with in general. And they're serious about using it outside -- the fumes are very strong. And my last choice would be basic rubber cement ... the bond's not great, but if you're reinforcing it, it might be okay. (just don't get the 'repositionable' stuff)
What kind of glue can be used to join flat drive belt and v-belt? I have a cultured marble kitchen sink so I guess my experience is relevant. It is noiseless (unlike a stainless steel one would), looks as cools as a stealth bomber (much cooler that a stainless steel one would), can be washed no-problem. Surely there're drawbacks - I always fear dropping a heavy fryinng pan onto it and crash it this way and obviously I remember to never use any acid-based compounds on it. IMO acid-based compounds can be easily avoided and fear of crashing is mostly subjective - likely something heavy needs to be dropped from a reasonable height to cause real damage. Other than that I don't see any drawbacks so far.
Why is my two way dimmer switch not working? So I am putting in a dimmer switch, replacing a simple single pole switch. It is a simple two way, single pole dimmer, should be pretty easy. The existing switch works fine. AFter installation, the light is always on, turning the dimmer off, and moving the slider up and down, the light is always on. Using a voltmeter, I tested the supply and made sure it was hot. after the switch, the line is always 120v, moving the dimmer and silding it the voltage remains at 120v. This is where is gets even weirder. I removed the dimmer, and tested the conductivity. regardless of the position of the dimmer (off or all the way up), there is not conductivity between the wires (using the beeping mode on the meter). Using the resistive setting on the meter, it also confirms that there is no conductivity regardless of the slider settings. So both of these (light always on and no conductivity) would tell me the dimmer is bad, but they are telling me opposite things. The light always on tell me that the dimmer is shorted and always closed, but the meter measurements tell me that the dimmer is always open. Weird. How is this possible? Regardless, this seems like a bad dimmer and I went back to the old switch until I can pick up a new one. For reference, this is the dimmer: http://www.lutron.com/Products/StandAloneControls/Dimmers-Switches/GlyderDimmer/Pages/Overview.aspx
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? We are refinishing our basement, and are nearing competition. The walls are drywalled, and the ceiling is dropped. There will be about 500 sq ft of finished space, including a full bathroom, and about 300 sq ft of unfinished space. There are two existing vents from the supply heat / AC directly from the main duct supply, that I plan on extending down the few inches into the dropped ceiling tiles. No problem. My question is that there are no cold air return vents pre-cut and should I add one? I can easily add one, but dont know if this is necessary in the basement. Someone told me that since all the duct is exposed (on the unfinished side and above the dropped ceiling) and the furnace is right in the middle of the basement, this would suffice in allow air circulation in the basement. I dont know if I but that argument. If I do add one, I think I should add it at the floor level, not in the ceiling like the supply vents. This way the warm air (for heat) coming from the ceiling would be circulated to the floor for the return. Should I place it at the floor level?
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? Lowe's has a thermal leak detector for $40. I've never used one, so I can't give you an idea of how well they work, but the Amazon rating for this one is 4.5 out of 5 stars.
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? The dimmer switch has some solid-state electronics in the path between the electrical mains and the light that it controls: definitely some form of transistor, and most likely one or more MOSFETs. MOSFETs have very high resistance when they're off, well into the gigaohm range (or higher), and very low resistance when on, in the range of 1 ohm (or lower). Other transistors types have a less extreme swing between on- and off-resistance. The rest of the circuitry in the dimmer is designed to operate on AC mains voltages, so the small DC voltage that your multimeter drives through the dimmer isn't enough to turn on any of the transistors in the conduction path, so you're reading it as being open-circuit.
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? The reason you might not see any conductivity using a volt meter is because it probably uses Triac thyristors, which are designed for AC, instead of variable resistors which work with both. This still doesn't explain why you're having a problem, unless there's something strange about your power source, or perhaps something strange with the lights.
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? If you're going to be rolling a v-belt around two rollers, I don't think you can glue a continuous flat belt to it and have it stick. Unless the flat belt is very flexible along the length of it (which is usually exactly what it's designed NOT to do), you might have a problem with the belts flexing differently. If you glue the belts while flat, they won't curve, and if you glue them curved, they'll want to stay curved. If you get a flat belt and turn it inside out, then you'll be gluing the reinforced tensioning part of the belts together, and it might work. In that case, I'd probably just use contact cement like Joe and Scott say.
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? Here is another alternative that you may want to look into. Microsoft Holm. It is a web site designed to help people monitor and improve energy performance. They have interfaces with some utility companies, and you can buy a device to monitor your usage and send it back to the service. Ir you can enter it manually. Pretty slick.
Should I add a return air vent in a refinished basement? The only way to truly make the seal last is to repair the closet flange. The toilet is probably flexing the flange when you sit down on it and working away at that wax seal every time it shifts. Our condo had a similar problem where the flange was not completely level and so the toilet shifted around ever-so-slightly but would eventually compromise the seal. Using double wax rings or extra thick single ring make it easier to get the seal right (and every time I install a toilet I go with the biggest single ring I can find) but it still will start leaking eventually. Fortunately there are plenty of DIY closet flange replacement kits which make the job fairly simple. Oh and I also highly recommend wearing nitrile gloves while doing that kind of work...
How do I find where mice are entering my house? So the house I just finished remodeling, and am now living in, has a small mouse problem. We have caught a couple of mice, and suspect there may be more. Catching the mice does little good, if more mice are just walking on in. I have walked around the entire house, and have found no voids > 1/4" in diameter. There were a few smaller voids (no larger than 1/8") around entry points for wiring/plumbing, which I filled with expanding foam. My question now is- how do I find where the mice are entering the house? Any tips?
How do I find where mice are entering my house? I'm almost certain any occupied space is required to have a supply and return duct for HVAC. Not quite sure if you can say it's a common plenum in the basement if the furnace is in another room. Also - I've never seen a return in the floor. On the wall and in the ceiling. This is speaking from experience working as an HVAC controls field service engineer in my previous life. Running a return should be easy, you could get some flex ducting and run it above your t-bar ceiling.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? In a large building there is a process that takes place during construction called air balancing where the airflow from each supply and return is measured and adjusted against a spec. Basically you use this big flow hood device and measure the CFM of air through your registers. Air flow to each space is calculated by a mechanical consulting engineer who takes a bunch of factors into consideration regarding the heating, cooling and make up and air change requirements for a particluar space. It's never done in a residential property unless you're talking about a big baller mansion using a commercial HVAC system. Anyhow - the issues you described with the rooms located on long duct runs away from the furnace is a common problem. Moving your furnace was a smart idea considering you really have no other control over how much air is delivered to each room. A residential HVAC control scheme is vastly different because the airflow and heat is on demand - and you have zero control over the volume of air delivered. If you really want to try and tweak the airflow towards your more distant rooms, the only thing you can really do is to block off part of the discharge register(s) closest to the furnace - that will help push air to the most distant parts of the ductwork, at the expense of not delivering as much heating to the other spaces. Also, insulating your ductwork and ensuring all the joints are sealed (taped) will help a ton. All this aside - I don't miss working in the HVAC world one bit.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? I've found that mice can get in almost anywhere. I don't know how your house is setup but I have a tree which is relatively near my roof. I've had mice get up on the tree, climb up and into the roof vent. If I were you I'd just drop some money on a good exterminator (check the Better Business Bureau to find a reputable one) and have them get the house a good once over. As for checking on your own, I'd look for a trail of mouse droppings or urine sprays. Mice don't really have any sort of bladder control and just let go wherever they are and leave droppings everywhere so you might find some near the holes that they frequent. DISCLAIMER: I only say drop the money on a professional because I REALLY have a strong aversion to mice and bugs, especially when they're in my house. I don't mess around when I see one, I go right for the phone and call a pro so my reaction (as well as my response here) is tempered by this aversion. I'm far from an expert on the various vermin that may get into a house, but that would be my recommendation since mice are pretty clever when it comes to squeezing into small spaces.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? Make sure you remove the food source they are eating. Stop giving them a reason to try and get into your house.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? The direct answer to your question is "yes", you have a defective dimmer. You cannot test conductivity on a solid state dimmer with a VOM. Get to the hardware store and your problem will be solved. Good luck.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? Tester is absolutely right. Don't over complicate the job. Put the light fixtures, as many as you want, in a simple parallel circuit from the existing one with 14/2wg/nm and you will be fine and confirm to current code. simple, huh? BTW, adding an extra neutral on a single phase 120vac leg cannot introduce 240vac. impossible.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? I'm a long time general contractor, short time on this site,but I have done and have had done many walls with "Skim Coating".Your drywall contractor is right and wrong. He is right about going ahead and priming the walls. It shows the imperfections and can be easily over mudded or filled with light weight spackle over the primer and reprimed. Keep in mind that skim coating over old drywall is not a plaster job. The skim will follow the existing long gradual bows and dips to some degree and isn't a fix to really bad drywall, especially a stud hugging 3/8's board job. I disagree with putting on the baseboard first. Use a scrap piece of trim or a 1X piece of stock to check for large gaps, and fill them. Trying to fill large gaps after the trim is on will be a mess of mud over the edges of the trim and will reopen as temp and humidity changes. Any gaps less than 1/4 inch can be easily filled with painter's caulk after the trim is installed and touched up with the wall color. The drywall contractor can't make it perfect, so buy a few tubes of Alex Painters Caulk and finish it off real nice after the walls are painted, trim installed, in that order. Good luck.
How do I find where mice are entering my house? Repairing these worn spots should be fairly easy assuming the damage is only to the urethane finish and not into the wood itself. This should be as easy as buffing the affected area with a green dish style scrubby to remove loose finish and slightly level the surrounding surface. If the scrubby is not quite aggressive enough, use some very fine 220 grit sand paper gently by hand or with a DA or vibrating style sander. Without seeing the area and damage, it is hard to say how far you need to sand, but most likely do the area where the chairs have worn the finish to slightly into the non affected area. Be absolutely sure to get the same urethane product and finish (satin, semi gloss, or gloss) to do the overcoat. After cleaning all dust etc after sanding, apply a VERY THIN coat of the new finish. Allow this to dry completely, buff sand the area again removing any dust that dried into wet finish, assuring it is extremely smooth to the touch. Repeat this process with at least 3 coats. I recommend using a good grade foam brush or very good Purdy flared bristle brush. If the area is larger, consider a mohair roller. A mohair roller is simply a very low nap roller avail at a good paint specialty store. You may see a slight difference in the new finish to the old surrounding area, simply because of the age of the rest of the room, however that is a small compromise compared to having the damage migrate into the wood which will require a much more extensive repair later. Good luck
Recommendations for carpet tile installation I have a high-traffic game-room that needs to be re carpeted. I've decided that carpet tile is the way to go because I want to be able to wash or replace individual carpet tiles when they are damaged and/or stained. The game-room is upstairs and the room is currently stripped down to the bare plywood subfloor. The plywood subfloor probably needs to be caulked and primed... it's got fairly wide gaps at the seams (1/4" gaps) and it's got overspray for the paint and wall-texture when the house was constructed. I'm debating whether to go with peel and stick or glue-down... if glue-down, what kind of glue can be easly removed/replace if I need to pull and up and replace a tile. I've heard this is "releasable" glue for glue-down carpet tiles. One concern is how to protect against water damage if a drink is dropped on the floor... is there a good way to seal the floor be water resistant?
Recommendations for carpet tile installation You can make the floor water resistant by varnishing it. Two or three coats should protect it from most damage, especially if you lift the affected tiles straight away. Most damage is done by the prolonged contact of the water with the floor. Are you expecting a lot of spillage? This does mean that you might want to consider not sticking the tiles down or only using a very light adhesive. If the tiles are well fitted and cover all of the floor area there shouldn't be any lateral movement in the tiles themselves.
Can I install a 220V chandelier from Turkey on a Canadian 110V circuit? I got a 70 years old chandelier from Turkey that is wired in 220V. The seller told me that the electric cable has been recently changed and that it will work in 110 or 220V. I'm in Canada where the cabling is all 110V. The wiring of the chandelier is different from here and I was wondering if it's safe to use here... And if so, how to install it? My father is working in the home improvement industry and is able to install anything electric related but I want to make checks before.
Can I install a 220V chandelier from Turkey on a Canadian 110V circuit? There are a few things that would make me nervous about doing this: For a given wattage, bulbs rated for 110 V will draw over twice as much current as those rated for 240 V. For example, 60 W @ 240 V is 250 mA; 60 W @ 110 V is 550 mA. Are the supply wires going to be able to carry enough current for as many bulbs and at the wattage you want? The extra live wire is probably to allow independent control of parts of the chandelier from two light switches, so the limiting factor will be the neutral. In any light fixture that you could buy in the US or Canada, any exposed metal parts that could be energized in a fault would be grounded. Your photos don't show a ground lead -- is there one, and is it hooked up correctly? My advice would be to talk to an antique dealer that specializes in lighting. I imagine that there's a market for importing and/or updating fixtures to current standards, and they would probably be able to put you in touch with someone who could do any work that's required. Installation should be easy once it's ready. US wiring has color coded wires for live and neutral; if Canada is the same, you'd probably need to tag the neutral wire to indicate that it is neutral.
What to look for in buying laminate flooring We are beginning to look at replacing the floors in our home and are considering laminate flooring. We are wondering if there is a difference in type and quality, especially when pricing is concerned. For example, the flooring at Lowe's is considerable more expensive than at Sam's Club; should I be worried that the lower cost flooring is a lesser quality? Are there other considerations besides price?
If my air conditioner return line iced over and the fan stopped, is it broken? We've lived in our house for three summers and have never had any problems with the air conditioner. Today I noticed that there was ice on the coolant return line outside the house. I didn't think anything of it. Later in the day (now), the system had shut off. Even though the temperature in the house was much higher than the thermostat setting, neither the air blower nor the fan in the AC unit outside was running. I've read that the ice on the lines may mean that the system is low on coolant. Will simply having the coolant recharged fix the problem? Do I just need to wait for something to thaw?
If my air conditioner return line iced over and the fan stopped, is it broken? A 220 circuit in a residential application consists of two 110V lines with their AC voltage out of phase with each other. In your breaker panel you can see this as a double breaker with two hot lines going to the same outlet. So each of the two wires in your chandelier marked "electric", back in Turkey, would have been connected to one of the two 110V hot wires. In your house in Canada, you'll use a single wire nut to connect both of those wires to the single black (hot) wire going into your ceiling box. Each of the two separate 110V "circuits" within the fixture will still be being driven by 110V, and you should have no issue with wiring ampacity within the fixture. The overall fixture's current draw on your home wiring will be doubled, but as long as your breaker doesn't trip when you turn on the light you're fine. If it does trip, just switch to lower-wattage bulbs. As Niall C. indicated, do try to locate a ground wire, and if one's not provided use a piece of bare copper wire to connect the metal frame of the fixture to the ground wire in your ceilling box. EDIT: Just noticed Niall's commend about the shared neutral, and he's right, the neutral will be carrying double the current if you use bulbs of rated wattage. I'd recommend halving the rated bulb wattage so you don't overcurrent that neutral wire.
Drought-Resistant Lawn/Turf Recommendation For Area Above Septic We recently had a new septic system installed in the front yard. The installation went fine but the front-yard is quite bare now (almost all dirt). I want to have a nice lawn in front but am paranoid of having to water it too much and creating a problem later (as mentioned in this prior post). I'd like to know if there is a specific type of grass that would be ideal for this type of scenario; something that wouldn't require much water. Any suggestions? Our house is located in Aptos, CA. Here's a brief weather summary: Weather is mild during summer when temperatures tend to be in the 70's and cool during winter when temperatures tend to be in the 40's/50's. The warmest month of the year is September with an average maximum temperature of 75.60 degrees Fahrenheit, while the coldest month of the year is December with an average minimum temperature of 39.60 degrees Fahrenheit. Temperature variations between night and day tend to be moderate during summer with a difference that can reach 22 degrees Fahrenheit, and moderate during winter with an average difference of 21 degrees Fahrenheit. The annual average precipitation at Aptos is 30.67 Inches. Winter months tend to be wetter than summer months. The wettest month of the year is January with an average rainfall of 6.49 Inches.
Drought-Resistant Lawn/Turf Recommendation For Area Above Septic Sorry, I can't help you with the type of grass. But I do have some suggestions that will work with any type. Don't just leave it dirt. Improve the dirt. Add compost to the soil. If necessary, have the compost roto-tilled in. Organic matter helps the soil to retain moisture. Periodically aerate the soil (yearly is a good idea if you can do so. A pull-behind aerator is not that expensive if you have a small tractor, and well worth the expense.) After each aeration, add more compost on the surface. Grass with a deep, robust root system can survive a period of no water for longer than otherwise. You may also find it a good idea to check your soil for problems. Is it heavy clay? Sand? Are there problem trees in the area, like walnut? Is the soil too acidic?
Drought-Resistant Lawn/Turf Recommendation For Area Above Septic Great question! My wife and I were examining laminate flooring a little while ago too. Not all of them are alike -- here are some things to consider. Check the warranty. Cheaper laminate will usually have a shorter warranty with more conditions (e.g. 10 - 15 years only protecting factory defects). More expensive laminate will usually cover more conditions for a longer time (e.g. 25 years+ covering factory defect, normal wear and tear, fading, staining, denting and water resistance). Keep in mind that these are examples -- every manufacturer is different. Find out details of how a sample is made A lot of laminate flooring is now treated with Aluminum Oxide which protects it against scratching and denting. More expensive laminate may have more coatings. If you're expecting heavy foot traffic or have animals with nails, you might want to take it into consideration. For answers to questions like this, you might need to contact the manufacturer directly. Thickness varies Laminate thickness can vary anywhere from 5mm to 12mm. The thicker laminate can feel more stable and supposedly be less likely to have problems with humidity changes. Joint integrity varies Not all laminate flooring interconnects in exactly the same way. Some joint connections can withstand weight and water leaks better than others. Name-brand manufacturers claim to have more experience with this. Be sure to check how the pieces fit together. -M
How to seal small cracks in wood door? We have a solid-core wooden front-door and would like to repaint it as our dog has scratched it many times (ahh the joys of pet ownership). We've sanded down the rough spots on the door but we noticed some hair-line cracks in the groove between the panel and the mullion. The cracks aren't large enough to affect the structural integrity of the door but we're thinking that we'll need to seal it before proceeding with applying the paint. We can't sand it because the crack is in an awkward location on the mullion. What can we use to seal small cracks? Caulk? Wood Epoxy? -M
How to seal small cracks in wood door? Caulk or a paintable frame sealant would work. We've used the latter on our Victorian doors to fill gaps between mouldings the body of the door where the wood has shrunk over the years. Make sure you don't overdo it and smooth down the sealant with a damp cloth or finger straight away. This will push the sealant all the way into the gap.
How to seal small cracks in wood door? Since you're going to be painting it afterward, you don't even need to worry about getting a good color match, just sanding to make the repair undetectable. So, just because it can be sanded once dry, I think a wood epoxy would be best. (I've never tried to sand caulk, but I expect the results wouldn't be great. :) Another option would be a wood putty, but I'm not convinced that it would be strong enough to prevent the crack from widening, if there's more structural damage than you know about.
How long do batteries typically last in electronic deadbolts? I'm considering getting a Schlage Plymouth Keypad for our front-door but was curious how long the 9V battery typically lasts. The web site says "3 year battery life" but I'm... skeptical. =) Has anyone used these types of locks before and if so, do the batteries need to be replaced often? -M
What is the order of tasks when refitting a bathroom? I need to completely refit my bathroom, including the following tasks: Replace an old boiler (involves removing an immersion heater from the first floor, adjusting gas supply and changing pipe work) Strip out and fit new units Fit a shower (there is currently no shower piping - just a tap attachment in the bath) Move a radiator Plaster a damp/rotting wall Tile the floor and walls Install new extractor fan Hang a shower curtain I have no idea which order to tackle the tasks. Should I tile the floor and walls before fitting units? or do you tile around fitted units? Appreciate any advice.
What is the order of tasks when refitting a bathroom? The advantage of tiling first are that you don't have to cut as many tiles - just those at the room corners and around pipes. Certain areas will be easier to tile too. The disadvantage is that you need more tiles. You will also need to make sure that all pipes are in the correct location but not connected. This will mean either having the water turned off or fitting isolation valves (of itself not a bad idea).
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? I just installed a receptacle in my basement and I realized I need to reinstall it someplace else. The leads are inserted into the holes behind the receptacle and I can't get them out! The instructions "push to release" are printed on the back of the receptacle with arrows pointing towards slots next to the holes were the leads go in. I'm not sure what or how to push here. I tried inserting the end of a paper clip, which worked once, but almost accidentally. I can't find anything in that slot that disengages the wire. Clearly it's something easy that I'm overlooking, but what? EDIT: Thanks for all the answers. It took me several days before I got back to this project, but the eyeglass screwdriver was what I had on hand and it worked pretty well. The key for me was to push in the part of the slot closer to the edge (rather than the interior) of the receptacle.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? A small flat-head electrician's screwdriver should do the trick. The release mechanism is spring-loaded, so with the wire in place, pushes it to one side. Angle the screwdriver slightly and you should be able to disengage it.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? I usually use the blade from a utility knife. Is is small and thin, but firm enough to not bend. A slotted screwdriver will work like Niall mentioned, but they are usually too thick to fit in the slot. Perhaps a precision slotted screwdriver from a eyeglasses kit would work too.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? To get the lock mechanism to release you will need to use a small tool (such as a small screw driver as in @Niall C's answer or even a utility knife or eyeglass screw driver as in @mohlsen's answer or my preference is a small diameter wood awl). The first tricky part is finding that tool that will fit in the hole and then be long enough and have enough strength to press the lock release. You will find some tools get too wide before reaching far enough down (such as the eye glass screw driver). Then if you look into the slot you will see a lever that you need to press (and you should be able to tell which way to press based on the angle of the lever but usually it is to the center of receptacle). Use your tool to press that release lever. The second tricky part is to make sure you are not pulling on the wire while trying to press the locking release mechanism. Otherwise you will be fighting with yourself and the lock will not disengage (since it will catch the wire and not let it go). One thing to try is to push the wire into the receptacle and then press the lock release and then gently pull the wire out. The complete instructions: With one hand hold the receptacle with the back facing you (difficult to do if you do not have a lot of wire coming from the box). With your other hand, gently push the wire back into the receptacle to relieve pressure on the release latch. With your third hand take the small screwdriver and press the release latch to disengage the lock. The wire will gently come out.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? If you're painting it, I've found the easiest patching material to use is auto body filler- e.g.- "Bondo." It goes on easy, sands easily, and when painting over it, you see no trace. I use it often when working with MDF- it makes seams, screw holes, etc.. disappear.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? We put a dual flush converter on my parents toilet a year ago. It was pretty crappy (pun intended). The problem we found, was that the half flush didn't always clear everything out, and much of the time you had to double flush the half flush. When we called the manufacturer, they stated that with some old toilets, the converters don't work so well. Luckily HD was willing to take the kit back, so we returned it after a couple of weeks of trying to get it to work. Granted, this was one of the first dual flush conversion kits, and they may be better by now, but YMMV, as it seems to depend both on the kit you get, and the toilet it is going on. As for special considerations for septic- the less water you can use the better, so in theory converting to a dual flush should be of benefit. After our experience with my parents, for our new house (on a septic system as well) I just went with a high efficiency 1.28GPF toilet.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? ice usually means either your air handler isn't pushing enough air across the coil, or your system is out of refrigerant. so first step is to set the cool/off switch to off. then set your fan switch to on. if the air handler fan does not turn on, then you have a problem with your air handler or thermostat. possibly cheap. possibly something you can fix yourself. otherwise, you probably have a problem with refrigerant (which should not deplete, and if it does then you have a leak somewhere) or your compressor. in either case, you should leave your system off to avoid damaging your compressor until someone can come out and look at it.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? I've used something similar on my front door for about 4 years now (4xAA instead of a 9V) and it's great not having to carry keys everywhere. On average, I change the batteries about every 12-18 months. I guess it all depends on how often you use it and how worried you are about getting locked out. Personally I don't bother testing the batteries because mine beeps angrily when they start to get low.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? I used one of these with 4xAA's in an apartment with 6 college students who themselves and friends were coming and doing all day long. It was an older model and lasted about 8 months on average, which seems like pretty good mileage. They are also good about warning you when the batteries are low. Living without keys was great.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? A frozen suction line is generally more indicative of poor evaporator coil airflow rather than being low on charge. Before you jump into checking pressures or troubleshooting the furnace/condenser controls, check to make sure your furnace fan is providing proper airflow, the filter is clean and the coil(s) are clean.
How do I uninstall a receptacle when the wires are stuck? I usually use my "tweaker" screwdriver (I think it's like a 1/8th inch wide flat blade, used for screwing down control wires on small screw terminals - sold at Sears under the Craftsman Pro label - they have a red 'spinner' top) to push those tabs in. They're definitely a PITA to work with and I try to eliminate those things when I get an opportunity. They seem to have a tendency to not grip wires as tightly as I like. I actually had one of those release a neutral for no apparent reason (I think it worked loose over time) which killed my old dishwasher electronics. I like the receptacles from Cooper which have holes for the wires on the sides of the receptacle in back but you tighten down a screw to get the proper "bite" into the wire. Additionally if you don't strip the wire length JUST RIGHT on those crappy push-in types you either have nice exposed wiring right at the back of your outlet or the push connection pops out when you're making the box up. That was what I realized after fixing that magically released neutral in my kitchen.
How do I remove drip marks in flat paint on smooth interior walls? I recently had the walls and ceiling in my home office refinished with a smooth texture. When I was painting the walls, in a couple of the corners, I bumped the roller against the adjacent wall. I didn't notice this until after the paint dried so now I have circular drip marks in a couple of spots. The paint is a flat interior latex. How can I remove these marks without damaging the nice new texture (that I paid a not insignificant amount of money to get)? Tools and supplies I have to hand include: full sheets of sandpaper in various grits, hand sander w/ also with various grits (I think 220 is the finest), Roto-Zip (but without any of the buffing/sanding/polishing accessories). I can be convinced to get other tools or supplies within reason. :)
How do I get the sheen even? I am using Behr eggshell paint, and I have put 2 coat of primer and 2 coats of paint, but the sheen is not even in spots. I'm almost ready to give up and get some flat paint. Is there any trick to getting the sheen even across an entire wall?
How do I get the sheen even? Couple things come to mind: Don't go back to previously painted areas until that area has completely dried. While the paint is drying it will look splotchy and uneven. Walk away, don't touch it, and come back in about 4-6 hours when it has dried. It will then look even. Make sure you are putting enough paint on the wall and don't try and stretch a roller too far between loading it with paint. For example, load up your roller with paint and then put the paint on the wall in a wide "W" shape. Then roll it out in that general area but don't try and push the paint too far on the wall without going back to the paint tray. Let the first coat dry thoroughly before putting a second coat on. If you start putting the second coat on too soon (or come back to an area that started drying but has not dried completely) then you will disturb the first coat and get blotches where the portions of the first coat that began to dry already become pulled up and absorbed by the second coat. Roll out an area and then walk away. Don't keep rolling it out trying to get it perfect. Just put the paint on nice and even with about 4 to 6 passes with the roller (ok maybe I do more like 10 to 12) and then move onto the next area of the wall. Rolling the same area out over and over again just makes the coat of paint very thin and also you can end up pushing any dried areas of paint around the wall.
How do I get the sheen even? How about just using an Extra Fine Sanding Sponge:
How do I get the sheen even? If the painting was recent (within say a month or so), and is still a bit rubbery, you can do a great job using a single-edge razor blade to slice off just the offending drip. Hold the blade almost flat to the wall so it doesn't dig in to the surrounding paint. Then you'll just have that little circle to touch up with a dab from the corner of your brush. This also works for other similar blemishes like roller fuzz or small chunks of latex.
How do I get the sheen even? This is a long shot but check your electrical panel and make sure the circuit breaker for the air conditioner is not tripped. I think the air conditioner unit will be on its own circuit separate from the blower that circulates air throughout your house (at least that is how it is set up in my house). If the air conditioner circuit is tripped, then the AC unit will not go on but still you will be hearing your blower and think everything is working.
Is it a good idea to chisel out the edge of rafters for wires? I am wondering if it is a good idea to chisel out the edge of rafters for wires? We want to floor our garage attic, and there are wires criss-crossing on top of the rafters. Update: These are regular 2x4 rafters. Or isn't that regular
Is it a good idea to chisel out the edge of rafters for wires? The top or bottom edges of a beam are the worst places to cut. It is where the most stress occurs. This is one of the reasons why it is best to run wiring/plumbing through holes in the center of your beams. Will it cause a problem? That is impossible to know, unless we also knew how much of a load you would be adding up there, the dimensions of these beams, etc. While it is very possible there would be no problem, remember that those rafters were put there with no plans for a floor above. The structure may not have been designed to take a load. So if these are 2x4 rafters, on which you will then install a waterbed or a hot tub, expect problems. If you will be just using that floor to store a few light boxes, it probably won't be an issue. If the floor that you add consists of 4x8 sheets of plywood, they will add considerable stiffness to the floor, but they will also add weight. As an alternative, you might consider adding sleepers on top of the rafters, which would allow you to avoid cutting into these members at all. Finally, remember to be very careful in nailing/screwing down the new floor. A nail through an electrical line tends to be bad news.
Is it a good idea to chisel out the edge of rafters for wires? I've had this same problem. I have a bunch of tools that will fit in the release, but a crappy all metal fork is what I used. It fits right in, and I wasn't worried about breaking it unlike my nice tools. Just pick one up at a dollar store.
Is it a good idea to chisel out the edge of rafters for wires? There should be zero difference in the safety between the least and most expensive furnace. The major differences will feature related. Any modern furnace purchased in the US meets the appropriate ASTM, NFPA, et al, specifications. More expensive furnaces will features like: Humidifers, multi zone heating ability, economizer, multiple heat exchangers for additional burner efficiency, VFDs to vary the blower fan speed, more advanced burner ignition systems, improved filtration and some even come with electrostatic precipitators built in to help improve your IAQ (indoor air quality). However, you will not get a "safer" furnace by purchasing a more expensive one. I guess there is one caveat - eliminating a pilot light ignition is safer as you don't have to worry about the light blowing out and having that gas leaking, but I don't think anyone is building pilot light furnaces anymore (don't quote me on that). So if there's any recommendation I can make - buy one sans pilot light. And just like any other consumer product - a lot of times you will pay a big premium to purchase products from a marketing company which has an HVAC division... (if you catch my drift) Make sure to get at least 3 estimates to replace that furnace from reputable mechanical contractors (not big box store resellers who just farm out work to a mechanical contractor).
Is it a good idea to chisel out the edge of rafters for wires? From what I heard, Milgard is higher up in the food chain then JeldWen. If they were cars, JeldWen would be Ford, and Milgard would be Benz. Also, they both have different lines of products with varying costs/features. So top-of-the line JeldWen window might be comparable in price/features to a mid-range Milgard. (In the case of JeldWen, their lines are actually different companies that JeldWen bought up over the years, so they can be a lot different quality-wise).
How do I remove glued-on carpet? I'm trying to remove carpet from a small closet in our bathroom (at most 3.5 ft by 3.5 ft). I started to remove it and it looks to have been glued around the perimeter. What's the easiest way to remove it? I recently bought a oscillating multi-tool so I'm wondering if that would work to loosen up the edges. -M UPDATE: I lucked out -- only part of the carpet was glued... the rest was actually nailed in and came up easy. That being said, as a future homeowner, I'd like to hear suggestions for how to tackle this type of issue in the future.
How can I remove superficial pet urine stains from subfloor? After removing the carpet from our bathroom closet, I found urine stains on the plywood sub-floor (serenity now). It sounds bad but the floors are quite sturdy so I'm reasonably certain that it's a superficial stain. What would be the recommended way of cleaning it (short of removing/replacing the sub-floor). I'm planning to eventually place carpeting back in the closet so I'm not concerned with leaving a mark. Just want to make sure it's sanitary and odor-free. -M
How can I remove superficial pet urine stains from subfloor? First, cut away the non-glued part with a craft knife or carpet knife. Next, pull individual strands of the pile away from the mesh using a pliers. Optionally, sand down the remaining bits of the carpet using your multi-tool. Finally (and also optionally), patch any damage to the plywood subfloor with wood filler. The last two steps are optional because it's in a small closet where nobody's going to notice any slight unevenness in the floor.
How can I remove superficial pet urine stains from subfloor? I use Zep pet spotter, but it's intended for carpets, not wood. I think mop it with a dilute solution of chlorine bleach to sanitize the area, then seal it with a primer / sealer to prevent any residual odors from escaping.
Should a bathroom fan vent to a separate duct system? Is it acceptable to route a bathroom exhaust fan to the return of a central air system? I'm afraid this will cause mold to grow in the air return ducts. There is currently a fan in our bathroom and I can't seem to find any separate outlet or vent for it, so I assume that it must be connected our central air system somehow. What is the best practice for routing bathroom fans if mold is a concern?
Should a bathroom fan vent to a separate duct system? A bathroom exhaust fan should vent directly outside with its own dedicated duct, for exactly the reasons you are stating.
Should a bathroom fan vent to a separate duct system? I just love Nok Out. I successfully removed cat urine odors from furniture, matresses and laminated flooring with it.
Should a bathroom fan vent to a separate duct system? What you want to look for are cleaners that are enzyme cleaners. These products actually break down the urine/biological waste. One example (that I use quite often) is Nature's Miracle.
Should I drill a large hole through a double paned window? I have a laundry room in the basement. There is no exhaust vent for the dryer. Currently we just open the window when drying, but this is not the greatest solution. There is a window and it is double paned glass. It seems to me this is probably the easiest option. I am afraid of damaging the window of course. Should I try drilling/cutting the hole in the window for the dryer vent? Or should I have a professional do it? The other option would be to drill a vent hole in the foundation. The window itself is "European Style" in that it has a hinge on one side to be opened inwards and can also be "tipped" inwards. FYI- I am in Europe and they do not use a lumber flooring system(here it is all concrete + cinder blocks), otherwise I would just go up and through the floor joists the old fashioned way. ;-)
How do I level an unlevel floor? The second floor of my house is not to level. The walls are, everything is straight but the floor has a slight pitch. I'm about to remove the current glued vinyl tiles and replace it with a regular vinyl flooring and I want to know if I can correct this.
How do I level an unlevel floor? I had some low pile carpet that was glued down to the subfloor in an addition of my house -- it was one of the first things I took out. (although, I didn't get around to re-laying floor 'til some time after ... but the carpet was so nasty, it had to go, as it was near a not-quite secured door, and a bird managed to get in there and die) I ended up cutting the carpet into managable strips (about 2-3 feet wide), then getting under it with something similar to a garden edger. (but it had a flat blade, not curved ... looks more like this 'scraper') I'm not sure what the tool was sold as ... I was storing my step-dad's gardening and other tools while he was stationed overseas. It came up fairly easily, but there were globs of glue that I did some further scraping / belt sander / etc before laying new flooring (a bamboo floating floor)
How do I level an unlevel floor? NO!!! The vent will expand and contract and break the glass. You need to go through the cinder blocks (preferable, but if you must, go through the concrete). Also, with double paned glass, there is usually an inert gas (or Nitrogen) sealed in between the panes. Drilling it will break the seal. My advice: Get someone to do it for you. It is unlikely you have the drill/bit combination required for the job. It's cheaper to pay someone than to buy the tools.
How do I level an unlevel floor? I would agree with csmba that the Cree LR6 lights are great. I put 8 of them in my living room a few weeks ago (no ceiling lighting before, just a couple of floor lamps.) Great lighting. The LR6's have mulitple colors of LED with a microcontroller that keeps the light the appropriate color (2700K in my case). Highly recommended.
How do I level an unlevel floor? Plugging air leaks in you home is a bit like sticking fingers into a leaking dyke. Plug one hole and another one breaks through. Generally, the situation should have improved with new windows and doors (if installed properly). The technician doing the post-audit should have identified where the air was coming from so you could fix that too. One possibility is that a fire place flue or external fresh air duct to your funrnace was open during the blower test. This would have let a huge amount of air in. Other things to look for are stuck flapper valves in bathroom and kitchen vents. Another place to check and seal would be around the sill plate. Often there are a number of small air leaks here. Individually they are not large but in sum they can amount to a significant air leak.
How do I level an unlevel floor? Let me echo everything that Chris just said so well. Especially the part about NO!!! Drilling a hole through a double pane window will reduce the efficiency of the window. It will almost surely crack when you tried to drill it, if not, then later. And you surely do not have the tools or the skills to drill such a hole. On top of that you do NOT want to breath in any glass dust from drilling that hole. Silicosis is a nasty way to die. An alternative is to take out the window completely. Replace it with glass block, mortared in place, with a hole made the proper size for a vent. Or create a hole through the wall next to the window for your vent.
How do I level an unlevel floor? Depending on how un-level, and the sub-floor material/condition, one option would be to use self-leveling compound. You pour it over the entire floor, it "finds" level (it has a viscosity that allows it to flow until it begins to harden) and let it set up. And Voila! level subfloor.
How do I level an unlevel floor? First - stop running the dryer without a vent immediately. Lint is extrememely flamable. I would look a replacing the window with part wood and part glass, similiar to what woodchips suggests.
How do I level an unlevel floor? I would try oxygen bleach, in particular Stainsolver - see stainsolver.com. I'm not selling it, and in no way associated with it other than being a happy customer.
How do I level an unlevel floor? Look at the picture above. See how the beam curves? This means the upper edge of the beam is (under load) shorter than the bottom edge. In other words, the upper portion of the beam is being compressed, and the lower edge is under tension. This means, that somewhere in the middle of the beam, there is a portion that is not under compression or tension. This is known as the "Neutral Axis" - X on the image - It is not being stressed at all. Most of the forces on the beam occur at the outer edges, and are zero in the middle. This is why we make I-beams -- We can remove some of the material that isn't doing anything for us and make the beam lighter. For a symmetrical beam, the neutral axis is dead center, and that is where you should drill. In theory, a small hole through the neutral axis will have no effect on the load bearing capacity. In practice it will, but it will be minimal. However, chipping out wood on either of the edges, is the worst place to remove material. Image from: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutral_axis
How do I level an unlevel floor? Best caulk gun is at Sherwin Williams. I have no idea why Home Deopot or Lowes does not sell them. It is plastic, not the metal blue or orange ones you get. It is yellow and black. I know I sound crazy, but it makes all the difference in the world. Keep your hands clean. Once caulk gets on your fingers and starts drying you are going to have a mess. keep your hands clean. My take on all those gizmos to use instead of your finger is they end up being more of a pain because they are harder to clean than your finger. Cut the tube at the top for a small hole. Start small, if it's to small, cut a little bigger. Once you cut it too big you will have caulk flowing all over the place, and theres no fixing it. Caulking is no fun, best of luck
What is your best wire management solution for an entertainment system and a home office? What gadgets or devices have you used to help manage wires or cords at home for the entertainment system are and for the home office?
What is your best wire management solution for an entertainment system and a home office? For home office I am a big fan of the Ikea Signum. It is a wire basket, with hooks for wires that attaches and hangs under a desk. What I have done is zip-tie a power strip to the underside of the basket, and route all of the wires up into the basket, then route as much wire as I need up to items on the desk (computer, monitor, printer, etc..). It works quite well, and takes care of the wire mess. I also use zip-ties liberally to bundle wires. For a home entertainment system, I have had good luck with routing wires down the back, and using zip-ties.
How Is "Super Laminate" flooring installed? I recently learned about AABSO "Super Laminate" flooring (aka Vinyl flooring planks). It seems to have some advantages over standard laminate flooring when it comes to moisture resistance so I'm considering it (especially for our kitchen). For some reason, I haven't been able to find installation instructions for it. Can someone summarize the procedure? Is it the same tongue-and-groove implementation as standard laminate? Or completely different? -M
How Is "Super Laminate" flooring installed? It's by no means an all-in-one solution but I've personally found Velcro Cable Ties to be INVALUABLE. You can reuse them over and over; great for those "oh darn!" moments when you need to remove or replace a cable. -M
Is it necessary to sand before the last coat of oil paint? When I'm painting high-gloss oil-based on woodwork (architraves, skirtingboards, windows), I have been following the tin's advice and sanding between all coats. I don't resent sanding after the undercoat/primer because it helps provide a smooth finish, but the final sand often takes the paint off sharp edges, even when I am careful, which can leave them a bit dark after the final coat. Is this final sand necessary?
Is it necessary to sand before the last coat of oil paint? It depends ;) I don't tend to do a final sand for the very reason you mention. However there have been times when the finish hasn't been to my liking so I have sanded - but in these cases I use the finest grade paper and sand very lightly to just take off the drips and/or dust flecks that have settled on the wood. So if the penultimate coat is good you might be OK without sanding, but sanding does provide something for the final coat to bind to if the previous coat was applied some time ago, so ultimately it will provide a more durable finish. If you are painting the second coat as soon as the first coat is dry then you don't need to bother.
Is it necessary to sand before the last coat of oil paint? IMO it's not worth it. Sanding has two primary goals. First of all, it compensates for the surface defects. In case of woodwork it also removes the wood fibers that get raised from the surface when applying paint and are fixed still in the paint layer and thus make the surface less even. Since this is not the first layer of paint you have likely compensated for all the defects and you've surely sanded away all raised wood fibers, so you will likely not get any real benefits from sanding. From my experience - I've coated wood table with two layers of oil-based lacquer. Sanding made huge difference for the first layer, but after I applied the second layer the surface was as even as before the second layer. Definitely I wouldn't sand the second layer if I wanted to apply the third one.
How do I build shelves on non-square (>90 degrees) walls? I want to build shelves into an alcove, but the corners are not square. What is the best approach to this?
How do I achieve required torque when using an impact driver? There's such tool called impact driver (like this one for example). The manual says it uses a special mechanism to produce a series of torque impulses to fasten/loosen nuts and screws. The tool has only two adjustments - the forward/reverse switch and the On/Off switch. The deeper the On/Off switch is pressed the faster the tool motor rotates. There's no clutch to adjust the torque value after which the clutch would disconnect the motor. How do I control the torque without a clutch? Suppose I need to assemble a section of fence that will require say one thousand screw/nut connections with nuts of the same size (that's not an imaginary task - I did such job without an impact driver). Obviosly I need to tighten all nuts to more or less the same torque. If I overtighten a nut it can just break or cut the screw or bend the parts it connects - that's bad. If I undertighten a nut it will soon loosen and fall out - that;s bad as well. So let's pretend I use nuts that need to be tightened to approximately 70 Newton-meters and the driver I use is said to produce torque up to 100 Newton-meters. And of course I need to drive those nuts fast - otherwise why would I use a power tool instead of a screwdriver and a usual wrench? So obviously I can't time the periods of applying torque or count impacts or whatever else - I need some reliable way to achieve more or less the same right torque for all nuts. Please note: I don't care of achieving exactly the right torque. I only care of achieving more or less the required torque - so that the nuts don't loosen on themselves and parts are not damaged while the nuts are being tightened. The primary concern is that the driver works very fast, so if I hold the switch pressed for just too long I can easily overtighten the nut and cause unintended damage. How do I achieve roughly the same torque repeatedly for multiple nuts when using an impact driver?
How do I achieve required torque when using an impact driver? "Not square" can mean two different things: not a right-angle, or rounded. If the walls are not at right angles, you can use a T-bevel to measure the angle between the walls. If you don't have a T-bevel, you can hold a piece of light cardboard against one wall and fold it so the crease is against the other, which you can use as a template for cutting the shelves. If the corners are rounded, I'd use the cardboard again: estimate the radius of the corner, cut a quarter-circle of that radius, and check how well it fits into the corner. If necessary, adjust the estimate and repeat. Then use the quarter-circle as the template.
How do I achieve required torque when using an impact driver? I would get all the bolts driven, quickly, but not tightly using the torque driver. Don't cinch them down. Then walk along and use a hand held torque wrench on each.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? I saw some DIY tutorials recommending to use tileboard to make a cheap whiteboard. I had a piece lying around, and tried some dry-erase markers on it. Turns out they don't erase well at all when dry, and I had to use a window cleaning spray to get it off completely. Do you know of another cheap material that would allow to more easily clean those dry-erase markers off ? Edit : I intend to make it large, so the lighter, the better !
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? I don't know how large of a whiteboard you're looking for but I've used glass. I've used white acrylic paint on the back of the glass to give it a background and it's worked great!! I'd call around to some glass stores and see what a piece will run you. I've also used showerboard (tileboard) and it works fine as well and is available pretty cheaply from a local home improvement store.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? In a previous job, I had a flexible whiteboard at my desk; it came in a roll and attached to the walls with velcro tape. It was only 3'x4' though, so might not be big enough for you. A quick search for "flexible whiteboard" showed this near the top, which might work for you.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? There is also white board paint, that you can use on a variety of surfaces. Here is one example. You can use this directly on walls, or on a board if you need portability. There is also blackboard paint for use with chalk.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? "How do I achieve the same torque repeatedly for multiple nuts when using an impact driver?" Short of manually using a torque wrench like woodchips recommends, you don't. The point of an impact driver is not to apply a consistent torque. It is to apply more torque than can be obtained from a traditional driver. One of the more common uses is to loosen seized up, or over-tightened bolts/screws. I also use mine quite a bit when driving screws into wood when the final torque doesn't matter (e.g.- I just need the screw head to be slightly below the surface of the wood.. rough work). In other words, if your need is consistent torque, an impact driver is not the tool for the job. A traditional clutched driver is going to be more appropriate.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? I have done a little more research regarding this topic. Apparently, a lot of people have this problem. The most recommended solution I have found is to apply metal duct tape around the opening for the gas line. That is where the air is blowing through on my fireplace. I have applied this fix, but I need to wait for winter to see if it helps. The metal duct tape helped somewhat, but I would still have temperatures in the mid 40sF on the lower grate of the fireplace when it was in the 20's outside. I recently discovered the insulation underneath was not sufficient. I could get to that and added additional information. The temperature on the lower grate is now in the 50s when it is in the 20s outside. Obviously, this still need improving, but I am not sure what else I can do without tearing out walls.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? WhiteyBoard cheap whiteboard stickers that are cheap and come in a variety of sizes. Write up about them on LifeHacker: Whiteyboard was started by Jason Wilk, a principal with venture capital firm Y Combinator, after he discovered how much a whiteboard cost at an office supply store. Determined to give small startups an alternative, he came upon the idea of stick-on whiteboards. You can order them in three sizes, starting at 12 by 18 inches for $US10 and ranging up to four by six feet for $US30, and they can be cut to fit whatever size and shape needs you have. Helpful stuff for those with great ideas, but not $US300 and an afternoon to spend buying and installing the sketch space for them.
Which material should I use for a whiteboard that would erase easily? Usually, around the home anyway, there are other signs to let you know when you've applied enough torque. MarkD noted a common one -- when you see the screw head just go below the surface of the wood. In your fencing example, if you're tightening lag screws or nuts with washers, you'll see the washer start to sink into the wood long before you've applied enough torque to shear off or strip the screw or bolt. It's a great tool for this kind of work, and it's super fast. Don't slow yourself down unnecessarily by underestimating your own ability to judge how much torque you've applied, and how much is enough for your application.
Should I put caulk/silicone at base of toilet on hardwood floors? When installing a toilet in a bathroom with hardwood floors, should I put a bead of silicone or caulk around the base to finish things up? Is this necessary, or is it merely aesthetics? I have heard that I should put silicone down, but not caulk. I'm not sure if this is true or not, or how it's determined.
